0
Fintech CEO claims Facebook 'ripped off' his bank start-up's logo for cryptocurrency project
2019-06-21 03:40:32
""
"['Just imagine the shitshow that a bank run by Facebook would be...', ""I'd say there's a decent case for this. Not just the shapes, but the aesthetic is very similar, and they both exist in the financial realm."", '[deleted]', 'That page is cancer on mobile.', ""I love their Tweet about it. It's got a bit of a sting to it."", ""I have a theory: the big banks are obviously terrified of the prospect of another currency taking away their monopoly on value so they are having Facebook attach themselves to the idea of cryptocurrency in the hope that the toxic, played-out, explosive clusterfuck that is FB's reputation will poison the idea of cryptocurrency.\n\nAnd make no mistake: the banks are shitting themselves boneless over the idea of cryptocurrency. They've tried bad press, market manipulation and even cramming kiddie porn into blockchains trying to stop it. I hope I see cryptocurrency take off in my lifetime."", 'This is high school level plagiarism. Just take the good content and dumb it down.', 'Literally just a tilde in a circle. Move along.', 'You have been banned and any money you have is now gone because of something offensive you posted,if you are unsure of our terms of service, then please click this link here *link* \n\n*post that was removed below* \n\n""vote Bernie sanders""', 'Yeah it’s probably going to have to change, but that’s a pretty simple logo, I could see it being coincidence.', '[deleted]', 'I’ve done corporate branding projects and there were probably 50 logos developed, maybe even 100 (only internal designs, not presented to the client yet), which was narrowed down to maybe 20 (possibly also only internal), which was narrowed down to maybe 10, then 5, then 2 or 3, then to 1. It’s a very lengthy process and each logo gets applied to many different formats, such as shirts, letterheads, hats, maybe even street art, etc. For each concept (although maybe not in the 50-20 logo phases) they write up a lengthy explanation of why they ran with that idea, how it relates to the concept, how it relates to the company as a whole, etc. Honestly most of it is just a big circlejerk to justify the costs, but the end result is usually pretty smart, even if it appears like they made it in 5 minutes.', '[deleted]', ""Exactly what I was thinking. Facebook has the power to draw massive attention to this, get it barely up and running, then crash or lose people's money in some spectacular way. Crypto is soured in people's mouths, big bankers cheer and live on another day."", 'Huh. So this is how the Thought Crime division was started in 1984.', 'Depends if they made a claim or promise it was unique, lol. Burger king makes nearly identical burgers.', 'Definitely sounds like a circlejerk. Does one logo make me more money than another logo? Probably only AI and analyzing lots of success/failure could tell you that. I doubt anyone in the logo industry gives a shit though. Plenty of money to be made handing out random logos, I guess.']"
