0
Getting an internship
2021-10-13 21:09:08
I applied for 7 internship and got declined from all. Not sure what’s wrong with me. Would you guys share tips to land an internship in fintech? My major is information engineering. And I have no prior experience. And no rich uncle in top 10. Thanks
"['I failed dozens of times before succeeding.  You have to keep trying and ditch the pity party.  Just.  Be.  Relentless.  Want it more.', ""Is pay important to you?  If not, I would strongly suggest reaching out to early stage fintechs.  (E.g. avoid the Squares/Plaids/Marquetas/etc.)  Reasons are several:\n\n1. Early stage companies are generally trying to do more with less, so every person there gets much more meaningful responsibility/exposure than at a bigger company.\n2. They're generally more under the radar, so they aren't inundated with internship resumes/requests.\n3. They're usually trying to conserve cash, so may jump at the opportunity for cheap (or free) help. \n4. In early stages, much of the company's infrastructure/operations is still being built.  You learn much more in that environment than you do at established fintech where you're basically jumping into an operating company.\n\nJust my thoughts."", 'What experience and education do you have? What type of work are you hoping to do?', 'Go stand outside the office of one you love and hold a sign', 'Thanks for the reply, you are the inspiration then! Is there any tips you would give me? I don’t know what to exactly do with cold mailing and how it would help me getting the job in the connection basis.. also, getting the first internship what should I should focus on etc. I tend to think too much and downgrade myself because of rejections and can’t help with my mentality', 'Thank you, I wasn’t doing this but now I will try. This is indeed a true logic', 'I am hoping to get into fintech area, so been considering quantitative finance jobs! Very less experience, and a junior year in college. Do you think I am late? Did not sum much experiences', 'I used to be a payments fintech and had loads of pain growing it. This company solves the problems I had growing that company. So I became passionate through the process.', 'And wait for the inspiration to hit me? 😁', 'Here is what I think is important to know:\n\n- Nobody knows you.  They don’t know who you are and don’t care.  It is important to build those connections.\n- The rejection isn’t personal, it is just business.  As humans, we take it personally but it isn’t a rejection of your skills, or character.  It could be as simple as the HR person didn’t feel like conducting interviews or didn’t feel like opening an email.\n- The people hiring you aren’t as ambitious as you are.\n- Rejection is good.  It allows you to go through the emotions of that and eventually it will harden your resolve or you will simply give up.  \n- Are your goals clear?  What do you want?  Fuck what they want, what do you want 10 years from now?  Does the internship serve that goal?\n- You might need to do something that you are uncomfortable with.  I suggest you take the leap at your age.  If an opportunity arises that is way outside your comfort zone, do it.  Does the job require you to move to Palo Alto?  Do it.  Do you want to work for a FinTech firm but have been offered a job/internship in digital media?  Maybe take it.  Doing the things that make you uncomfortable will grow your skill set.\n- Ditch the ‘friends’ that are holding you back.\n- Understand that your parents goals for you, and your goals for you will never be the same.\n- Set your alarm for 0600 everyday and get your ass out of bed.  Everyday.  6 am.\n- Get out of your own head.  “I don’t have a rich Uncle” or “Rejection doesn’t help with my mentality” are stories that you tell yourself.  Those are not thoughts or beliefs held by the outside World, they originate in your head and poison your actions.  Watch some David Goggins or Gary Vaynerchuk on YouTube and it may help reprogram you into telling yourself better stories.\n\nWork your butt off.\n\nMessage me when you get that job!  Cheers!', 'If you were stood outside my office with a sign saying intern looking for fintech experience - I’d give it to you', 'Thank you very much for the amazing insight I really appreciate you taking your time being generous. As you said “take the opportunity if it’s out of your major scope”, I am worried about one thing because I don’t know how it works with the HR managers. Lets say I got the marketing internship instead of IB or Software Engineering ones, and would HR just turn her head off since I didn’t have a related experience? Because if it’s the case; what is the benefit of having an experience? \n\nAnd I will definitely refer to you when I get the job, would have been amazing if you were my mentor as well. Thanks a bunch', 'May I ask what’s your position and specific field?', 'When a lion is hungry does it only hunt gazelle?  Or does it seize the opportunity and fight another day?\n\nI am 42 years old and financially independent, but my first internship/job was picking up clients to and from the airport for my boss.  Sometimes he would pay me, sometimes he would forget to.  I was holding a placard at the arrivals of the airport in a black tuxedo, with an Ivy League education behind me.', 'Founder - BaaS Orchestration layer', 'My biggest regret and problem is not going to an IVY school because of circumstances I dealth with when I was younger. This eased me a little, thank you. Are you working in wall street?', 'Would you say your job was your biggest passion or you met it through the process?', 'I dropped out in 3rd year to become an entrepreneur.  Failed.  Had to move back in with my parents.  Tried again, struggled, then succeeded.  I have my own business and invest in real estate and stocks.\n\nAgain you are having the ‘I can’t do it because …’ mindset.  Your brain is your own worst enemy.  It is successfully convincing you not to succeed.  You need to cut that shit out, think about it less, and just do. 🚀', 'Go to his office with the fucking sign and you’ve already got your job.  Bingo bango.', 'That’s true, and I actually know my problem and how to fix it logical but the resistance and discipline. Is it possible to contact you personally? (The message will be deleted)']"
