0
Idea for Fintech startup - School assignment
2021-10-20 01:47:00
"Hi guys,

I have just started my Masters in Fintech and Business Analytics and I've gotten an assignment that is to make a Fintech startup idea. Its not supposed to be very advanced, just the outlines and an idea. What would be the most important steps to remember? Which fintech could be explained easily in a 15 minute presentation? Does anyone have any suggestions of already existing fintech startups I could get ""inspired"" by?

Thanks in advance!"
"['Find a problem to solve.\n\nWhat school?', 'Define a clear, large/massive problem. Easier to sell a solution when everyone understands and agrees there’s a problem. Here’s a few ideas: Fractional investing for Spanish speakers, fintech fraud detection and prevention, buy now pay later, embedded insurance for Spanish speakers, neobanks (mobile first). Good luck.', 'Here’re some ideas on what niches to research:\n\nhttps://www.awesomefintech.com/categories/', 'Large scale fixed fee escrow through FBO accounts. Ran into this problem trying to set up my company', 'Perhaps you can start with this report?\n\nhttps://www.cbinsights.com/research/report/fintech-250-startups-most-promising/', 'Play to earn and crypto NFTs.', 'EADA Barcelona, Spain. It’s a new masters this year. But yeah several problems have been proposed, but either the solution is too complicated or too difficult to pass regulations.', 'Wow this is great! Thanks!', 'Thanks! Will check it out.', 'Yeah not a bad idea. My professor is REALLY good, but in the crypto space he is not up to date on the latest trends, like the ones you mentioned. He thinks that every cryptocurrency needs miners for example. But I’m going for the idea I posted another place in this thread', 'Hi I graduated with a Masters in Digital Innovation for Fintech from Brandeis. Great degree.\n\nWhat are some of teh problemsms/solutions you are considering? Feel free to DM me if you want to discuss. \n\nDoes it have be a European based solution? Where are you based?', 'Oh cool! This is just a 1 year master but even though it’s only been a couple of weeks I’m learning so freaking much. Like, I have a bachelor in social economics and never really enjoyed it, but with fintech I have actually found something that I really enjoy. Never thought I would get there. \n\nI will DM you tomorrow, but in short I took inspiration from one of the top posts in gere, called Ome. It’s just like Splitwise but with more functionality that we added ourselves.', 'That really interesting, I never thought to filter the top posts. I could not find OME and tried to google it. Splitwise is a great product. I am trying to build something like Approve Financial. Yeah, be good to catch up and maybe to get on a Zoom.']"
