0
Join the future of money today! Calling beta users
2021-10-25 21:57:59
"Are you trying to step into the world of cryptocurrency? Well, we have the perfect ride to take you downtown. Astralis, is a platform where you can invest in cryptocurrency in a simplified manner while educating yourself about the ups the downs of the deal. You can create and build a portfolio in no time and the best part; you can invest through multiple currencies. All that from a single account. On top of that, you don’t need to worry about the security of your wallet. Aside from being secure, your Astralis wallet is insured for losses with returns up to 100M dollars. Hmm, that sounds like a win-win to us.   


* Let us manage it for you: Astralis allows users to hand over their investments to experts in the field. This means that even those with no experience in crypto investment can try it out. There are even options for risk levels that you would want to choose. Namely, Low-risk, Medium-risk and High-risk portfolios. These will be managed by Astralis and returns will be refurbished to the users account regularly. You need not move a finger. 
*  Savings accounts on Astralis: Astralis provides a complete savings solution with its modern account facilities. You even get an interest rate up to 8% which is way higher than conventional banks. You can choose to deposit via multiple currencies without any hassle or hidden fees. Why go for the plain old depreciating bank, when the pioneer of tomorrow is here?
* Did you say you wanted expert advice? Well, seems like Astralis has got you covered. Take advantage of the trustworthy advice of several industry experts daily. Don’t just invest. Learn along on your journey. Being on Astralis will make you a better investor than you were a day before. Astralis provides a hassle-free and secure transaction process with no hidden fees or limitations of any kind. 

The app makes it super simple to buy and sell cryptocurrency in just a few clicks. Then again, it cannot be clearer that cryptocurrency is the medium of exchange of tomorrow. Why not invest in it today? That given, what better place to do it, than Astralis. Invest in cryptocurrency from the comfort of your mobile and join us, as off we go to the moon. Also, here’s the deal we need to be talking about. Since the Astralis family is still growing, you could help increase our numbers by inviting people through your unique referral links. Each person that joins through your referral link, earns you points. How does that help? Well, there is a leaderboard. The person at the top gets rewarded up to 250 dollars in bitcoin. Join in and get others in too in this race to reward yourself with free bitcoin. Download the app now [astralis.ai/beta](https://astralis.ai/beta)"
