0
Need advice - want to join a start up
2021-10-29 04:21:51
"Hi, I have about 13yrs of experience in financial services. Currently Dir of Product at a large financial services company. 

I have interviewed at a few start-up but keep striking out in round 2 or 3. I have fantastic results in my current role but it seems like I’m missing something that start-ups are looking for. 

Does anyone have any advice? Thank you!"
"[""As an experienced operator and one who has a current startup, culture fit is priority #1 and I'm assuming you have the suitable experience in your area of expertise. Its nothing to take personal and with startups being mostly comprised of smaller teams where communication skills, personality, work ethics come more into focus than just knowledge and experience. The Founders may have just chosen someone with the same or even less experience because their gut instinct told them one candidate would fit in better than the other.\n\nStartups are the land of broken dreams with the term Startup being a generic term.\n\nWhat phase of a startup are you willing to join?  Early Stage defining the MVP? Pre-revenue? Post-Revenue with Audience? the Hockey Stick growth Phase?  \nWhere do your skills directly and best fit into those phases? \n\nEach phase has different requirements for the roles, even the same role has different requirements based on the phase. As someone who has hired for startups, a Decade plus of experience at a big company doesn't necessarily qualify you for the role that is required. Early stage startups often times are very flat organizations and this is the polar opposite of working in big corps. This is not a knock to your background, just a perspective being shared.\n\nThis also applies to investors - it's about the fit and not whether they have money or not.\n\nJust keep at it! if your dream is to work at a startup and you have the financial means to take the risk of it, then DO IT. The right fit will come along."", ""Startups most of the time will not have a set process unlike big companies which you can seek help from internet. I appeared for 2-3 in recent times and I had to back out from all of them as I will require to take a pay cut. I'm currently not in a position to afford a pay cut. I'm an engineering director at big financial services company. So expectations from me have been if I will be able to get my hands dirty as well while leading and building teams. Not sure what specific they look for Product role. May be you study their business before hand and work on couple of things they can do to add more revenue streams. It will make you genuine, shows serious interest and I'm itself evidence how good you can be. What I also observed is what kind of questions you ask them can create some influence as well."", 'Why not start your own or join other co-founders? (I assume if you can take the financial risk) Some startups have a very bro-culture unfortunately I they like people just like themselves. This eventually would hurt them by creating group think and limited diversity of thoughts.', 'Thank you. That’s actually what I have been doing at large companies and this is what I want to do: tackle big problems and build out successful team. I like the unstructured environment and feel very comfortable working like that. \n\nWhat questions would you recommend?', 'One of the company..I asked them more about the revenue stream..and only interchange fee was revenue for them. When I asked about alternative streams that they are thinking, I did not get a good answer. Interchange fee will be challenging to survive on in my opinion. A question I typically ask is what problem they want me to solve if I end up joining. They have a opening for a reason- simply growth or replacing someone.']"
