0
Why challenger banks are broke
2021-11-16 10:19:42
""
"['https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BzAdXyPYKQo', ""One thing to note is that these challenger banks are likely positioning themselves as technology companies (which trade at higher multiples, and usually at a Price-to-Sales ratio) vs financial services/banks (which trade at lower multiples, and usually profitability is important). \n\nAnother thing to note is that lending money doesn't guarantee profits - the bank would have to make sure that their cost of capital is lower than the loss-adjusted return (i.e. their pricing needs to be higher than actual losses). ex: Affirm is a lender, but losing money. SoFi is also a lender, but not losing money (on its lending business)."", 'Breaking news: water is wet, building a customer base costs money, banks make money on lending and lose money on serving accounts and cards. \n\nIt is OK to lose money while acquiring customers. Happy customers with a deeply rooted habit of using your card can be monetized in a number of ways. It is a looong play and in a decade revoluts and monzos will inherit the market.', 'Seems about right.', 'Interesting', 'Not accurate to say regulators have made it easier to get a banking license in the US. Still a very long process.', 'I love this show 😂', 'Water is actually not wet; It makes other materials/objects wet. Wetness is the state of a non-liquid when a liquid adheres to, and/or permeates its substance while maintaining chemically distinct structures. So if we say something is wet we mean the liquid is sticking to the object.', 'Also - challenger banks make most of their money on interchange fees for cards. Some make money on fees/tips for cash advance products. Some have monthly subscription fees. Very few, if any, are doing lending off their or even their partner bank’s balance sheets.', 'What he meant, I guess, is that regulators made it easier to get access to a banking license here in the US. Regulators do encourage (if not force) traditional banks to work with fintechs but, yes, getting a de-novo banking license is a major pita (as it should be).']"
