0
Understanding Stripe
2021-11-29 11:57:28
Why is Stripe's valuation so high? Seems there are plenty of notable players and even crypto that could take on the same market share.
"[""Speaking as a developer, one selling point is that they're super easy to integrate with. Much better than PayPal."", ""When you think about payments, it's hard to not think about it like what the credit card companies have done the last couple decades. _Most_ things are bought on credit card rails. And MC/Visa/etc get a cut of every purchase. That's technology. If some _new_ technology can take that spot, even if it's for half (or less) of that industry, baby you got a stew brewing. And that's valuable."", 'Back in the day (technically you can do this now too), if you were a merchant (convenience store) you had to work directly with a bank to accept payments.\n\nThat required sharing financials, having a lot of cash on hand, and a bunch of other annoying things that said business owner doesn’t want to deal with.\n\nStripe came along (like SQ did for offline) and said, “hey bank - I’ll work directly with you. You just have to trust that the people I do business with are also OK”\n\nThey basically abstracted away a lot of the compliance and paperwork of accepting payments. Now, Stripe can have 100,000 merchants working with Stripe itself, which then works with banks and card networks on the backend to reconcile / move money.\n\nIt’s great for merchants for ease of use and great for banks since more volume. Only downside is that stripe is on the hook for any fraud, but their data is so good that it’s a tiny amount relative to other payment processors.\n\nAlso, that was just the core product. Stripe is doing something similar across many types of products that business interact with (incorporation, treasury, issuing cards, etc)\n\nCould “crypto” do that? Meh. Crypto is like saying Mastercard or Visa. Pretty useless if you don’t have the gateway to actually process the payment', 'Stripe made a name for itself on technological implementation. \n\nThey created the best APIs and leveraged a Payfacilitation model to ensure merchants could get accounts in minutes. They drove that process hard and gained a for front in two categories:\n\nAdoption by SaaS platforms like gateways(shopify)\nInstant approval for their merchants driving portfolio growth\n\nThen they rapidly integrated features outside of acquiring like issuing, tax integration, supporting corp creations. \n\nIt will be very hard for other players to catch them and develop the trust with saas platforms and developers. Also in terms of profitability - they do not accept an agent relationship in a formerly agent driving market which means when your dev says use stripe and it saves you 10s of thousands in dev costs because you are up and running in a day - well you ditch the agent and take it. \n\nJust some thoughts', 'I have heard secondary market valuation of $200b and the valuation at last raise is $95b.  What is a sensible valuation for them?', 'Braintree.', ""so who would be Stripe's biggest competitor?"", 'what do you mean by agent here?', 'What do you mean by integrating? Payout Reconciliation to an ERP is tough as nails w Stripe.', 'So traditional merchant account acquisition has been done through agent referral. Stripe chooses to take it directly or empower other platforms. So there are agents out there who have books of business that they couldn’t place at stripe but at the same time stripe boards directly so they don’t have to pay a portion of the profit to anyone. These referral agreements can pay as much as 90 percent of the profit to a third party agent', 'Doing payouts and rec into an ERP is an edge case for stripe, and the difficulty may have more to do with the ERP than with stripe. But that has nothing to do with their valuation. \n\nSome chase features (Braintree), and some chase distribution (Stripe). Distribution always wins.']"
