0
What matters in fintech customer experience the most?
2021-12-02 20:32:28
"Hi there! 

Can anyone help with the criteria to follow when it comes to satisfying customers in [fintech](http://dashdevs.com/blog/enhancing-customer-experience-fintech-industry-initiatives-to-learn-and-try/?utm_source=reddit&utm_medium=article)?  Ease of use, good customer support, exclusive features. Anything else that comes to your mind? Like, you know, something that users expect from fintech companies but that's not so obvious?  

Thanks for help!"
"[""I would add onboarding to the list.  It is typically the very first step and sets the tone for the end user.  When I say onboarding, I don't mean just signing up for the service.  I am referring to get the initial set up of services out of the way.  FIs struggle with this and it is something that fintechs do much better.  Typically, getting the user involved/enrolled right at the start is far more effective and creates a better experience."", ""Simple functionality with clean UX.\nExtended features that increase the value - but don't complicate things.\nEasy, seamless account set up or integration into a pre-existing accounts.\nRelevant social and company, public facing agenda."", 'Security, security, security! Users want to know that whatever private info they input  (password, account number, personally identifiable information) is either deleted after use or stored VERY safely. I worked for a fintech for several years and this was the number one point of friction in getting users to use the product.', '[removed]', 'Easy integration with partner apps', 'Well, I agree, onboarding determines a lot. But how can the user be involved right at the start?', ""Yeah, totally agree about not complicating things. However, the more it's simple, the more difficult it is to bring it to life, agree?"", ""Oh yeah, I guess you're absolutely right - safety is crucial in fintech. Anything else as important?"", 'Thanks, these are good points! \n\nCan you please specify more about industry knowledge in fintech?', 'This is a good point! Maybe you have any examples of such fintechs?', 'Well, an example after enrollment would be to ask for ACH or card info. Or something like what their financial goals are, etc', ""If you can solve a pain point in a process, your solution can be a $B business.  Take Honey, for example. It searches for the same product and lists alternative sites or coupons to apply. \n\nOne pain point (people not knowing they're paying more than they have to), and brings a solution in a web extention.  It also adds a payment mechanic for their reference and wa-la...).  Is all of that more difficult to do than to say, yes.  But, solving one simple pain point would have been solved earlier if it was easy to do."", 'Plaid is making a whole business of it.']"
