0
Questions on P2P lenders
2022-01-02 09:30:41
"I have been looking at P2P lending just to understand what it is and how people actually use it. I am not in need of a loan or anything, but I'm curious about the *lenders*.

With the term P2P, I thought the lenders are just regular people who sign up to be lenders and can fix their interest rate for each person they loan to. But many YouTube videos seem to explain that the lenders are investment companies. 

Can a regular person become a lender in a website like Upstart, LendingClub, Peerform or Funding Circle? Can someone set the interest rate to whatever value they wish for each borrower?"
"['In the US, P2P lending is dead. \n\nMany years ago Lending Club and Prosper started with models that let retail and institutional investors directly decide what consumer loans to fund, and what not to. The theory was that this would lead to expanded approval rates and lower cost of capital.\n\nThe reality was different. For a variety of reasons, the P2P platforms needed to underwrite the loans before the lenders would choose what to fund using traditional underwriting methods. Cost of capital turned out to be worse, its inefficient to have to do the securitizations necesary to let retail investors fund loans and no one has a lower cost of capital then the banks.\n\nFor the last 10 years, the model has shifted. Online lending is common. Companies like Sofi lend money and sell securitizations to intitutinal investors. Upstart and Avant (via Amount) are enabling traditional banks to participate in online lending. Goldman has Marcus, etc. There are lots of these online lending operations, all using a mix of bank deposits, balance sheets and 3rd party institutional capital to fund the loans.\n\nAs to can a regular person just lend. That really depends on the state, but generally speaking no. Most if not all states will require you to have a lending license of some sort, unless you are a chartered bank.\n\nIndividual retail investors can no longer fund loans through Prosper or Lending Club, that era is dead.', ""\n>As to can a regular person just lend. That really depends on the state, but generally speaking no. Most if not all states will require you to have a lending license of some sort, unless you are a chartered bank. \n\nSo if I lend money to a friend and expect him to pay it back, with some interest, is that not allowed? I'm not clear on why that's illegal if that's what you're saying.\n\nThank you for your response in helping me understand."", 'There also seems to be quite a few p2b lending firms, at least in the EU.', '>So if I lend money to a friend and expect him to pay it back, with some interest, is that not allowed\n\nMost lending activity is regulated at the state level, and the states all have different laws. Also they are not really straight forward.\n\nFor example in NYS, if you are charging more then 16% interest on a consumer loan, then you need a license. Are there exceptions if its for a friend or family, or different requirements if you are an individual or a corporation?  Mybe. You would have to ask a lawyer do an analysis of each state you want to lend in.', 'Yeah thats quite possible. I was only speaking about the United States.', ""I guess what I'm asking is don't people lend money to friends all the time without the law getting involved?"", 'Yes, and depending on the state and the terms of the loan, it may or may not be legal.', 'Interesting that the comment thread with OP went to regulations - I think that played a key role in P2P lending\'s migration away from retail.\n\nHere\'s some additional points to P2P Lending in the US:\n\nAs u/jcspring2012 described, Lending Club and Prosper started with a non-FICO based underwriting model to be able to make underwriting decisions more swiftly than banks. Since they also (initially) sourced the capital from retail investors, their main economic exposure was the loan origination fee (so they were incentivized to originate larger volumes). \n\nFor this to work, LC and Prosper had to set up a separate marketplace for investors to pick which loans to invest in, and to make a lot of the historical loan data available to these retail investors. Eventually, savvy institutional investors started to set up dedicated funds to use this data to build sophisticated (sometimes machine-learning based) underwriting models to quickly re-underwrite loans available on the marketplaces, with scripts to sweep up the loans that fit their own underwriting models. Essentially, larger institutional investors were in the position to cherry pick the ""good"" credit loans, getting an advantage over retail investors. \n\nAs an aside, most retail investors chose which loans to invest in based on, at best, rudimentary credit frameworks, and at worst, based on purely headline yields. In the early 2010s, the predicted losses from the P2P lenders\' underwriting models deviated quite significantly from actual performance (i.e. they would tell investors to expect yields of \\~6% but losses would be higher than expected, driving yields lower to \\~2%). That opened the doors to the CFPB to start taking a closer look at the P2P lending space. \n\nThe CFPB also looked into non-bank lending as well (not just P2P) - as banks were addressing the regulatory capital constraints due to the aftermath of the 2008 Financial Crisis, a lot of non-bank lenders (not just P2P) stepped in to fill the gap (and charge hefty interest and fees). \n\nThere were also non-regulatory issues with retail capital - it was not as easy to predict, and communications were difficult. It was much easier to interact with sophisticated investors representing institutional capital sources. Securitizations started with these investors would pool the loans they purchased (oftentimes brokered by the banks), and tap the fixed income debt markets with asset backed securitizations. The P2P lending space was also growing, so even banks started to get comfortable with some exposure, particularly with warehouse facilities, giving P2P lenders three avenues to fund loans they originated: \n\n* Sell to Retail\n* Sell to Institutional (through flow purchase programs, pool sales, or securitizations)\n* Hold on balance sheet (using bank warehouse lines)\n\nIf you look at Lending Club\'s quarterly financial reporting presentations, you\'ll see that over that decade, more and more of their capital needs were being met with institutional capital. By December 2020, Lending Club and Prosper had relied almost entirely on institutional capital for funding, and shuttered the retail data portal completely. \n\nThroughout that decade, the industry quietly changed their name from P2P Lending to Marketplace Lending.', ""To answer the OP's questions more directly:\n\n>Can a regular person become a lender in a website like Upstart, LendingClub, Peerform or Funding Circle? \n\nI'm not familiar with Peerform, but on Linkedin, they only have two employees (seems like not even their founders have this on their Linkedin). That being said, it does look like a return to where Lending Club and Prosper were back in the late 2000s/2010s.\n\nI am somewhat familiar with Upstart, Lending Club, Funding Circle, and a few other fintech lenders (I used to work for the institutional investors investing in their securitizations). The answer is no, there way for a retail investor to invest directly into the loans they originate. If you are a HNWI, and have a significant amount of capital to invest ($100s of millions), then perhaps you may be able to, but with that much capital, I'd imagine you'd have a family office managing those funds (which would essentially make you an institutional investor). \n\n>Can someone set the interest rate to whatever value they wish for each borrower?\n\nEven when P2P lending (in the US) was a thing, the whole point was that the platform itself did the underwriting and risk-based pricing. You, as the investor, had the ability to elect not to invest. So, even then, you did not have the ability to set the interest rate to whatever value you want.\n\n&#x200B;\n\nGiven your questions and comments, I would suggest exploring DeFi and yield farming. That industry has a lot of the same themes as P2P lending, though in terms of underwriting borrowers to select your own interest rate to lend will be difficult unless you set up your own non-bank lending platform.""]"
