0
Why do a lot of Fintech companies look like they're doing the same thing?
2022-01-07 04:45:04
"I see new Fintech companies giving out credit cards and fail to understand why they are founded when they do the same thing.

Don't Venmo, PayPal, Zelle, CashApp more or less have the same feature of transferring money? 

Then there's a group of Fintechs that allow loan payments, some for stock investments, some for crypto investments. It feels like many of them end up doing a lot in common. There's one Petal that I came across and I'm not sure what their company does that's any different. I search other Fintechs Avant, OnDeck, SoFi -- loan payments. Fiserv, Tala, the list goes on.

It looks to me like we can essentially categorize all Fintechs in a **Radar Chart or Spider Plot** based on the areas they operate in --- small business loans, credit card payments, investment options -- stocks, cryptos, p2p loans, money transfer domestic, money transfer international.. any more? And we'll see a lot of them just do the same, anyone else think that's the case? 

Does anyone else think like we have more Fintechs than we need really?"
"['Yes, these companies all started out by picking very specific niches to operate in, and creating versions of their specific product that are better than what consumers could get from banks/traditional finance companies.  Ultimately I’m guessing there will be some consolidation as folks figure out that one product (eg payments) doesn’t work well as a standalone business, and they either acquire or get acquired by another company offering a different product.  “Unbundling, followed by rebundling,” as it were.', '> Don’t Venmo, PayPal, Zelle, CashApp more or less have the same feature of transferring money\n\n> I search other Fintechs Avant, OnDeck, SoFi — loan payments.\n\nDon’t Honda, Ford, Volkswagen, Toyota more or less have the same feature of transporting people? PNC, Wells Fargo, Bank of America — essentially the same services. \n\nThere have always been businesses that compete at doing pretty much the exact same thing with the only difference being “go with us, we do that same thing, but _better_”. I’m ok with it because it (hopefully) drives competition for each company to have the best quality and offer the most features. \n\nSure, there a ton of FinTech companies. Mostly because tech companies in general are easier to start than traditional goods companies because there’s a much lower startup cost (no need for manufacturing facilities/equipment, fewer employees needed, etc). But over time most of those companies will crash and burn and we’ll (theoretically) be left with the ones that were good enough to stay afloat and attract the most customers.', 'They address different pieces of the verticals in B2B and B2C.\n\nAnd you ask the right question at the end. But we will see more FinTech companies created in 2022 compared to 2021.\n\nAlso regarding the categories, we did exactly that, and categorized all FinTechs here:\n\nhttps://www.awesomefintech.com/categories/', ""Different verticals, although as you're pointing out, some in the same vertical but different geographies. The Fintech scene right now is basically Titusville back in 1859.\n\nEventually survivors will enter an aquisition phase."", 'The adjustable market aka pie is still very large and everyone is trying to get a piece of it.\n\nMost startups begin with a small problem they are trying to solve and then add ancillary services to their product offering to stay relevant and grow.', ""There are some others players in the payment space that are going about things in a different way.  The Solutions By Text for example.  Payments vis SMS.  Although this concept isn't new to Euripe, the US market isn't a bit behind in this vertical.  BTW, I'd be happy the speak with anyone who's interested in joining as the company is hiring!"", ""Definitely agree with this viewpoint - I see this as an early sign of more consolidation to come.\n\nThe winners will be the fintech companies providing the back-end that you don't see, that would allow all the near-homogeneous fintech companies fighting against each other."", 'A perfect market has a lot of businesses all doing the same thing, and oligarchy has a few businesses doing the same thing, and a monopoly has one business dominating the industry. \n\nThought this would be a good addition to your comment because you’re spot on', 'Which ones mentioned here are in a different geography?']"
