0
"Fintech CEO rips into Meta, saying it won’t advertise on Facebook or Instagram ‘alongside scammers who are going after the savings of our customers’"
2022-01-07 12:56:40
""
"['From the article: A British fintech company is boycotting Facebook and Instagram\'s advertising platforms because of what it says is rampant scammers on the sites.\n\nAnne Boden, CEO of the digital-only Starling Bank, detailed the boycott of both Facebook and Instagram in her latest annual letter to customers and shareholders. Bloomberg first reported the news.\n\n""We want to protect our customers and our brand integrity,"" Boden said. ""And we can no longer pay to advertise on a platform alongside scammers who are going after the savings of our customers and those of other banks.""\n\nShe also noted that she has ""repeatedly called out the big tech and social media giants"" for giving financial fraudsters a home.', '[deleted]', 'The Scammers are FB’s customers. The users are the product', ""If you're going to use Facebook, use every ad blocker you can. It's sex with a stranger, wear a condom."", 'Meta looks extremely childish.', 'Well the CEO of Meta is also a scammer so...', 'Good, Facebook is a cesspit of advertising. I automatically assume if you are advertising on Facebook you are a waste of money not worth checking out. YouTube is very rapidly getting there as well with the amount of bullshit they attempt to beam onto my phone.', 'Meta? Never heard of it.', 'Zuck can meta dees nutz on his robot forehead.', 'He is such an evil racist fuck!', 'I’m not a very religious person, but I am convinced that Zuck is the anti-christ', 'I got rid of Facebook years ago', 'It’s time for Facebook and Instagram to die. They encourage everything that is wrong with the world, when they could be doing the opposite.', ""Let's not call them Meta.  They illegally stole that name.  Zuckbook is much better"", 'The advertising on Facebook has become more and more scammy and. Less intelligent over the last few months. I’m seeing fake ads more abs more', 'Show a small nipple and GTFO! Scam, violence, hate speak and fake news does not get banned from Meta!', 'I don’t believe in reptilians but if one does exist it’s mark zuckerberg look at that face man\n\nDevoid of humanity', 'Reducing available advertising revenue is probably the most effective way to limit the reach of Facebook. I hope more companies follow this example.', 'Seriously. Every time my wife starts telling me about some dubious product she wants to get, I ask her where she saw the ad. She then goes quiet and says ""...facebook."" she has been scammed by shitty Facebook ads before. Not worth it.', 'Ok, fascism and racism I can handle. BUT SCAMMERS!!!!', 'Imagine how shitty Meta must be if Fintech people are complaining', '[deleted]', 'Meta Facebook Instagram whatever they wanna dress it as needs to die for good', 'I met Anne Boden a few times. I won’t say I know her. But she came across as a genuinely decent person. Good for her. I hope this is the first domino to fall.', ""what the f happened to him though? he's so scary looking"", 'Good for them, I hope they will survive against competitors who will advertise on Facebook', ""Aren't majority of ads on Facebook thesedays scams or fly by night shops"", 'Seems like a ploy for cheap ink.', 'Left Facebook a year ago and will never go back.  Fuck Zuck.', 'Facebook loves the scammers', 'Facebook is the worst company of our lifetime.', 'F Zuckerberg', 'People Rip into the lizard man. But be gives no fucks. He is pure evil', 'SO no advertising on the internet then', 'She’s right. My Facebook is full of crypto investment crap', 'Scammer bans scammers for being scammers', 'Really considering a switch from Monzo to Starling. Starling just seem to keep making positive choices in my view.', ""Is meta supposed to make me care about vr chat? Cause I'm never going to care about vr chat."", 'Zuckerberg needs to step down and quit being the face of his company. Nobody trusts him.', 'Why do they keep visiting the wax museum to get a picture of this guy\n\nSurely he would pose for a few if they asked nicely', '‘…boycotting Facebook and Instagram…’ is always music to my ears no matter how small (read: negligible) the impact. I hate Meta with a vengeance - all my friends and family are hooked on their disgusting products which have one and only one purpose - make people feel bad by rubbing in fake highlights from other people’s lives. And now they’re pushing this metaverse bull which is just - watch as we spiral into even worse mental health problems than now. Disgusting, and a whole ecosystem built off of thirst - makes me want to puke. I wish social media was nuked into oblivion, at this point the cons wayyyyy outweighs the pros in my opinion.\n\n_said he while typing furiously on Reddit, a social media website_', 'I absolutely don’t trust any product advertised n Facebook or Instagram. They are all scams.', 'More than anything I hope Meta is a flop', ""Fair call.  I wouldn't want my legit service alongside scams either.  People would think I'm a scam.  If only there was some sort of vetting process for ads instead of selling to anyone and everyone."", 'Now here is a criticism in a language that Meta might understand', 'Augustus Caesar over here needs a reality check', 'I mean, just need to open Facebook to get bombarded with adds trying to get your personal details and such for an opportunity of investment. Long gone are the days of tight regulations. Facebook prises itself for being such an innovative company and can’t regulate and protect its users from the dodgy people. It is generally concerning that people without much internet experience can be quickly exposed to the current internet scams and like it was mentioned, Facebook is just giving them a home. Same as YouTube and Instagram and such.', 'Adverts on my Facebook feed are almost entirely scams', 'FB is a god damned joke of a platform anymore. I’ve tried to go in to the settings and disabled so many advertisers and 3rd parties providing FB data on me. It doesn’t matter, like at all. I can open the settings back up 1 second later and an entire new list of advertisers are there with my data. \n\nMy feed at this point is more ads for scam online courses in investments and starting an amazon store that runs itself than anything from friends and family. \n\nThe biggest pain in the ass is that deleting my account is an entire process that’s as frustrating as stopping the ads.', ' > ""And we can no longer pay to advertise on a platform alongside scammers who are going after the savings of our customers and those of other banks.""\n\nNot that I have a problem with what they\'re doing, but there\'s a subtext of this that basically says, ""if our customers are giving their money to scammers, that money isn\'t on deposit with us and we don\'t make any money on it.""', 'To be clear to any business advertising on facebook. Don\'t. I will never trust any ad i see on facebook or instagram after i saw weeks of ads showing videos of NAO robots for under USD $50. \n\nDozens of different ""companies"", all doing the same thing. Show a video that is flat out fraud, get a small amount of money (less than $50) and send super shitty robot toy. \n\nApparently this scam works because most people will either take the hit and move on because the sheer time it takes to go through a dispute regardless of bank, paypal or credit card is a hassle.\n\nI reported them so much, constantly, for as along as the algorithm showed me these bullshit ads for robots..... and they are still there, just different sellers. \n\nI am never trusting any facebook ad again.', 'Once I bought an inflatable hot tub on Facebook. I waited for months and was shipped a fidget spinners from Beijing that was less than 1% the cost of my hot tub. All communication to the company went unanswered. It’s like they didn’t even try to hide that their company was a scam. It’s the last time I ever bought anything from a Facebook advertisement.', ""meanwhile he's talking to his friends and family on whatsapp..."", 'Insert financial enslaver spiderman meme here.\n\nMeme reads: No you. No you.', '> The executive cited scammers ""going after the savings of our customers"" as the reason for the ban.\n\n> She also said she hopes Meta\'s metaverse mission doesn\'t distract ""from doing what is right today.""\n\nLol, lets not pretend like a fintech company gives a single fuck about their customers, respectively their savings. I have no idea what kind of points she\'s trying to score here, maybe just standing out of the crowd and attract new users?', '[deleted]', 'I’ve never seen someone look so much like he has no life behind his eyes. No soul whatsoever. A true disgusting human being', '[deleted]', 'Finally people are standing up for something better!', '""Savings""? More like souls.', ""We're the good guys!  We're not like the rest.."", 'It feels like everyone forgot what happened with facebook a few months ago. Facebook should not exist.', 'Can this prick even grow facial hair you wide eyed lizard', 'Afraid of the competition, are they?', '“Allowing white supremacist terrorist cells to form and organize attacks is fine, allowing foreign powers to sow discontent and fan the flames of social tension is fine, knowingly promoting what’s tantamount to a civil war in foreign nations is fine, basically brainwashing our youth and reinforcing extremely damaging body/mental health issues is fine, but allowing “scammers” to take money that’s rightfully *ours*? Fuck that.”\n\nImagine being this much of an oblivious douchebag.', 'at first metaverse is going to be loathed and laughed at. and then it will be seen as a novelty. and then it will be widespread. and eventually you will have people who will prefer to live in the metaverse and let their bodies wither away in the real world. this is 100% some cyberpunk dystopia coming', 'Who the hell goes on FB other than my dad anymore anyway', 'And Zuck looks at the revenue from the scammers and waves goodbye with a smirk.', 'Of all the CEOs who would pursue NFT’s, I expected Zuck of all people to be one of them. Glad he knows the NFT for what it truly is.', ""Facebook as a platform has been dying. Nobody young uses it and that 30-40 year old demo is leaving it. Those fraudsters and grifters are necessary to maintaining advertising income on FB. If Alex Jones survives the lawsuits with anything then I expect FB to be the first to let him back on cause they want his advertising that he'd happily pay for."", '90% of the ads I get are vaporware', 'Is there honestly a way to turn the public sentiment Zuck and his cancer of a company? The only way I could see that happening is if he completely left the public eye and started an entirely new company without anyone knowing he was behind it. This guy is such a piece of shit.', 'Fr ads pop up in my stories everyday more and more look like user profiles I’d follow except their links don’t work! So sketchy because that’s scam 101 right there getting people to click bad links and then more.', ""I recently reported a number of fake accounts on one of those scammer pages (offering Mac M1's for $100... Yeah right). Facebook let me know that they had no interest in closing those accounts, but if they said anything mean to please let them know ASAP! I also reported the page, and of course nothing happened."", 'Yikes I can’t even look at his face, bad vibes😯', 'What happened to letting people be responsible for their own actions?', 'Zuckerburg will burn in hell.', 'Yeah you tell em!', 'Is it just me, or has Facebook\'s advertising gone downhill recently? They used to do a decent job of targeting ads to my interests, but lately my news feed has been filled with a bunch of perverted ""dating simulator"" games.', 'Who tf is fintech?', 'Hopefully more follow suit.', 'META= Make Everything Trump Again!', 'While that is great and all, but top Facebook executives are simply going to say ""who?"".\n\nIt would be great if more *legitimate* businesses left those platforms, but their pool of customers as well as the endless data they track on them is just too great.', 'Use FB Purity! It blocks the sponsored ads :D\nI also use AdBlock and uBlock Origin\nIt makes Facebook somewhat tolerable', 'Meta pffffffft what a dumb name', 'And that’s why I never click on any ad or promoted item.', 'Seems more and more like the people for whom Facebook is most useful are criminals', ""I have bought 3 things from FB ads and I got scammed 3 times! Never again. Now I don't know what this fintech sells, but I want to buy some!"", 'We have done some advertising on FB and only got snarky comments. No business leads or customers.   Waste of money.', 'How is this different from Craigslist or eBay? Scammers are everywhere.', 'Just check out google search \n\nTo see how many 3rd world South Asian scammers are there', 'I thought they were being sued for for using the name ‘meta’, did anything come from that?', 'Just give him a cut and he will be fine', 'Nice how she called out Wells-Fargo, HSBC, and those other fraudsters...but I wish she would have had the courage to actually name names.', 'What do you mean I don’t qualify for the lowest rate? The internet….lied to me?', 'Just please keep referring to it as Facebook, never Meta', 'not wrong. funny coming from a fintech ceo though, like they’re all so high and mighty…', 'I was certainly ripped off by all the overseas advertising that never stated it was a company overseas. Some of the Japanese and Chinese things didn’t even have English, so you don’t even know what it is. If they know these companies are not American, then why not tell us. We want to know.', 'Facebook probably : “Okay anyways….”', ""To be fair, no one forces these people to click on these links. If you're going to lay blame, everyone should get their fair share. At what point do people take responsibility for their actions.\n\nSocial media, Fintech, and its customers should all take responsibility for their presence online."", 'When are people gonna realize that Facebook should pay them to use it.', 'Mark Lizardberg will burn in hellfire.', ""I was using the weather network app the other day and it popped up an ad for some sketchy cryptocoins I'd never heard of, so I uninstalled it.\n\nWebsites wonder why we block ads. Between the scams and the malware, why would I let you serve that garbage to my computer? Interesting how so many of the people I know that don't block ads have all sorts of computer issues."", 'Amen I hope meta gets ignored and dies like it should', 'Anne Boden is a boss.  You wouldn’t believe what she had to go through to get her company, Starling Bank, off the ground.  \n\nRespect.', 'Good. I had bought something off a promoted Facebook ad in my newsfeed that just ended up being a scam from China. I was a suspect because it seemed like a good price, but it had what looked like a legitimate website, no spelling errors, positive & negative reviews etc.And I figured if it was on Facebook, they’d vet the company (my first experience buying a promoted FB ad). They did send me something. It was just not anything close to what I bought. So, lesson learned. Had to contact my credit card company to dispute & reverse the charge. First time I’ve ever had to do that.\nSimilar story with my mom, though she just took the loss. \n\nFacebook marketplace has been fine, but I won’t ever buy anything off a Facebook promoted ad again since they clearly don’t care if something is legitimate or not. Likely same story with Twitter.', 'After being ripped of by a Facebook add I will never purchase anything advertised on that platform (50 euro ripoff)', 'Is Meta driven by connectivity of people to people or just profits? This is important for all companies like media too. Fox and ( to s lesser degree CNN ) take note.', 'Delete Facebook, Instagram, WhatsApp.', 'Do they boycott Google as well? They own Youtube and any youtube videos have the same type of scams within the comments', 'I’m really surprised at the number of people not using (responsible) ADblockers. They are also router lever Adblock options available', 'Lmao makes sense how a billionaire is stuck with a women like', ""Maybe they should boycott the internet all together? Seriously I have Facebook and I own an Oculus. The former I don't put any photos or post, I like the group chats and the market which is better than Kijiji. The latter is alot of fun. It's pretty obvious all this hate against FB /Meta is coming from some pissed off traditional media conglomerates."", 'Hero award. Gold crouton clap clap, /so karen er caring.', 'I mean a person falling for a scam on facebook is like the same person who clicks on the ""this game will make you cum in 5 seconds"" links.', ""Sure you won't.\n\nWhy is this news again? Oh right the zuck circle jerk."", 'So only giving customers scammer options?', 'i could blacklist the site but roommates might freak out, what do i do? im scared for my security and theyve been scammed already', 'Hard to imagine how Meta will survive this. Getting ripped into is almost as bad as getting blasted. /s', 'Oh no! What will facebook do without Fintech?!?', ""Wait, THAT'S the only problem you have with Facebook? Not the blatant theft of personal information and privacy? Or the way they foster hatred and outrage on their platform? You're mad about a couple of ads?\n\nFuck Anne Boden, she sounds like a real piece of shit, just as bad as Fuckerberg."", 'When does everyone feel like Facebook will go the way of MySpace? \n\nI wonder how many of Facebook’s users are bots, dead people or simply abandoned?\n\nThe trouble with “free” platforms like Facebook is there is no incentive to remove fake profiles because it looks good on your quarterly reports for growth. \n\nSo even if scams didn’t exist at all, there’s smaller and smaller reason why people would want to advertise to fake profiles. \n\nThis in turn just adds to the cesspit.', '“… Because WE want to go after the savings of our customers.“', 'Reddit be like ""Banks are evil!!!"" \n\n..... ""Unless their doing PR stunts that make facebook look bad then we love banks!!!""', 'Theyre so right too. I see so many scam paid advertisements on facebook, and scam comments and stuff. \n\nI tried reporting all of them i saw and facebook always reviewed them and then said they were fine.', 'Ive yet to see a single product i felt comfortable clicking on after seeing near total scams for years. 3 month old websites, stuff that seems like its 80% off, zero ratings on websites that rate websites.', '""I refuse to use largest advertising platform in the world that delivers exponentially better results than the competition"" says CEO that will shortly be seeking a new job. The job of a CEO is to maximize shareholder value above everything else.  \n  \nAlso, it\'s brave of a fucking bank to pretend to take some moral high ground when they\'ve accepted heavy financial investment from the government of Qatar.  \n  \nEdit: The Qatar government is listed as an investor on the banks own website. You guys are fine supporting literal slavery I guess.', 'this is probably the best advertising they will ever get so either way, well played.', 'I’m glad they are doing that.  There are a shocking amount of “follow me self made gurus” who claim to be able to make you money if you pay them.', 'On my fb, over half of my ads are scams, I report them and fb never deletes the profiles paying fb for ads. Who is the crime boss?', 'True stuff. Scammers are all over social media. Just like hackers in video games, they mess it up for everyone.', 'British Companies can kindly fuck off. No one needs them', '[deleted]', 'God bless these people who had enough spine to speak up.', 'I’ll say that from my perspective that this stance is more effective than any facebook campaigns because this is my first time hearing of them.', 'Why would it? They did the math and figured out income from people seeing them on facebook is lower than income from this news and stance.', 'Here we are talking about a small bank in England so maybe the advertisement is working?', ""I would say given that you will probably be hard pressed to find soeone who *doesnt* know what facebook/meta are, and yet will probably struggle to find people who *do* know what fintech is, I would say Meta probably don't care even in Fintech are taking a good stand here."", ""I think he's being hyperbolic. FB and Instagram and great advertising platforms."", ""This might be the first time I've ever been a fan of abstinence"", 'Gotta practice safe hex.', ""If you remember that Zuck waved katanas at his co-workers at the workplace, it doesn't seem out of line"", 'People ""trust him.""\n\nDumb fucks.', 'And not very... forthcoming when testifying before congress.', 'Happy to keep calling them Facebook, ignoring his attempt to hide behind rebranding.', ""Sometimes I use the YouTube app on my phone to remind me just how completely fucking awful the user experience is when you aren't running multiple adblock extensions like I am on my laptop.\n\nYouTube's algorithm is still completely fucked on my laptop, but at least I don't have to be subjected to a bunch of ads alongside its terrible recommendations."", ""I turned on a clip of elmo on youtube for my kid and saw an ad play that was more than 10 minutes long if i didn't hit skip. How can youtube think that's not going to dilute their brand?"", ""Not to mention affiliate advertising everywhere.  Is there a blog that doesn't recommend everything from Amazon?"", 'Youtube is there. 70% of ads I get are scams parading as a help from the goverment/covid relief.', ""Facebook is the home of the anti-vaxxers and the poorly educated. One can only imagine the advertising if that's a considerable chunk of the audience if there happens to be an overlap, like geographical location ads."", 'WTF man I was here first!', 'Cannot agree more - so awful that makes me not want to bring a kid into this world. How am I supposed to shield them from all this? Parenting is hard anyway and feel like social media just stacks the odds to an impossible extent.', ""I assume their ads simply go for the highest bidder, whether it's a scam or not Facebook isn't gonna care"", ""Are they actually taking money from scammers and broadcasting their websites? That's incredible."", ""And the sad thing is Facebook rips off the advertisers too. They'll show people the same ad 20 times a day when you're paying by the view just to take more money\n\nAnd for reports they'll say you had things like 3000 orders from people who view the ad even though it had a total of 1000 clicks (and only 5 of those purchased)\n\nAnd this is for a normal, non scam product"", 'Did you have a stroke typing this?', 'Advertisers adapt to the changing Facebook user demographic. This reveals more about the users than the advertisers.', 'The look of someone who stares at screens all day. His facial muscles literally atrophied', 'You basically summed up all Reddit posts', ""And  the point between it's eyes, where it's forehead meets it's nose, is calling for your fist"", 'You’re looking at eternal thirst - in its truest and purest form.', 'Even reptilians age under stress and pressure', 'That’s my thoughts exactly. Every media picture he looks lifeless…', '[removed]', 'They have heavy investment from the Qatar government so...', 'The subtext is ""if people get scammed by another advertiser on Facebook, and then they see *us* advertising there too, they\'re going to start thinking *we\'re* out to scam them too, which hurts our brand"".  These companies don\'t have any problem advertising along side their legitimate competition; they\'ve been doing *that* for decades.  The problem they have is finding out a platform is putting them on the same level as scammers.\n\nAnd aside from it meaning they\'re going to be losing big money advertisers, Facebook should *also* be concerned about this because if people start thinking Facebook advertisers are all scam artists, they stop interacting with the ads, which makes the ad space far less valuable to sell.', 'So who do you think is president right now?', 'You might also have a problem with this bank being heavily funded by the Qatar government then.', ""I'll take a hard pass on both."", 'Is OP the “wide eyed lizard” here? Is Suckerturd “the prick”?!', 'Z(s)uckerverse', 'Not who, but what. Financial technology. Applications and services that deal with transactions.', '??', ""Facebook can do something about it, they just don't"", ""I haven't used Facebook in probably 3 years and a few days ago I had to reactivate my account for some reason. I was shocked to see the comments under posts by new York times and other pages of established and trusted brands. it was a total shitshow of scam and spam, majority of comments had nothing to do with the article and were about crypto or some other get rich quick scheme. Facebook is literally the cesspool of internet."", '[deleted]', 'It’s ridiculous. I’ve reported scams, bullies and trolls and nothing ever happens. But the minute I react to them or tell them they’re being a jerk my comments get removed and then I get banned for a month.', 'I’ve seen this too and reported many of them several times and they always come back saying it’s legit. Weird.', 'I bought a kindling splitter off a Facebook ad, the one they sent was basically a toy, the picture they used was cast iron which I later found out was taken from a legit site. \n\nLuckily PayPal got me my $40 back.', ""Because dishonesty isn't against the rules, sadly. \n\nSelf regulation is no regulation."", ""My wife has a bad habit of buying things from facebook ads. I'd say it was about a 50/50 chance of it being a fake ad and her throwing her money away. I finally had to step in and tell her to stop buying shit from facebook when her bank called about suspicious activity on her account.\n\nLuckily she only lost money on actual costs and not her bank. We switch her accounts around after that."", 'I often reported straight up sexism, racism, porn. On Instagram I report scam, spam, exploitative accounts that should have no place on any platform but are especially common there.\n\n""Is fine. But thanks for reporting"" \n\nBe one of the most lucrative companies ever and don\'t put anything in place to protect your customers. Make it make sense.', '[deleted]', 'What kind of scams? I only ever see shitty mobile game clones', ""The thing that's incredible is that you or I could spot a scam within 9 seconds, but Facebook can't?  Give me a break."", 'They do the same with ads for magic mushrooms in Canada.\n\nI’ve reported countless ads from “men’s grooming accounts” selling magic mushrooms. Facebook repeatedly said they don’t violate the terms. \n\nI’m all good magic mushrooms becoming legal, but this assholes will ruin it for everyone.', 'Recently I am constantly displayed some scam crypto coin called ""Meta"" with the exact same logo. It\'s so obvious that this is a scam, in the name of the COMPANY HOSTING THE ADS. Nevertheless, this goes on for weeks now. Maybe Meta doesn\'t really care, because they are paying customers for them? Baffles the mind', 'I went on a reporting spree as well, my feed improved for a while, then new scams moved in.. I still have my Facebook account but I’ve change my habits away from scrolling Facebook and moved to scrolling Reddit', 'Facebook deems those scammer ads as being fine and satisfactory. They are satisfied that they are making lots of money by allowing them.\n\nIf the internet is the interconnected highways. Then Meta/Facebook are its drains and sewers.', 'Yeah there is absolutely no truth in advertising on Facebook especially. Almost all of the positive comments are bots and negative ones get removed.', 'I see a lot of stuff on FB marketplace and Amazon that are direct rip offs of major brands like Nike. Crazy that some of the biggest companies in the US allow cheap counterfeits to be advertised and sold.', ""It's the geocities of SEO content spun ecommerce. The face of the worst of the world wide web 3.0."", 'Always? Is fiduciary responsibility an absolute law of nature, or is it something humans created?', ""The idea that a CEO's job is to maximise shareholder value isn't law, it's opinion. It's called the Friedman Doctrine and it's very heavily criticised.\n\nThe problem is that it's one of those things that's been so widely shared, that most people think it's true without ever looking any deeper than that, I know I did for a long time."", ""She built starling from the ground up after spending years in traditional banks. It was one of the first digital banks in the UK and as a user I think they have been brilliant for my needs, way better than the others. She's not going anywhere."", 'customers of other banks', 'are you in the UK? Starling Bank advertising is everywhere here', 'Or why Facebook is named like this.', ""That actually sounds like the least weird anecdote I've read from the zucc"", ""If thar rebranding effort was to make them look better, it certainly didn't work for me. The 'Meta' brand feels way more ominous."", 'Yeah usually when I use YouTube on my phone I just open it in Firefox with adblock installed.\n\nThe actual app is unusable with the ads in the way.', 'YouTube vanced exists btw', ""I have Firefox with Adblock on my phone. Haven't used the app for a year as of now and would never go back. God, what an annoying thing is to watch three ads before a 30 second video."", 'YouTube Vanced.\n\nThank me later.', 'Youtube vanced ;]', 'is it just me or have the recommendations got worse over the years. Before it used to a variety of everything I was semi interested in but at this point it seems like it just based off the last 5 videos ive watched. If I watch three h3h3 videos after not watch thing for years boom my entire homepage is nothing but h3h3, wanna watch a PC video boom now you watch that content for the rest of the week, oh you like one scott the woz video well just recommend him for 2 months no matter what video you are watching', ""That's the neat thing about oligopolic market control, they don't care about their brand"", 'honestly the extremely long ads are the cool ones. saw one that was 44 minutes long and was just a doctor talking about healthiest food for cats, chose not to skip it', 'Google Chrome and Mozilla Firefox have free Adblock extensions if you Google for them', 'I’m afraid I don’t know the answer, because I already made that decision and as such, I have no experience.', 'Not actually the case, part of the algo tries to combine bid with ""value"" for the viewer/user\n\nBetter to get less money for an ad if it keeps people scrolling so you can show more ads', 'This is just not true. \n\nFacebook has strict standards for which types of advertisements are allowed to be served on its various platforms, with many firms and sometimes entire industries completely banned.', 'Of course, but it\'s a little tricky. When submitting your ad just make sure not to check the ""I am a scammer"" box and it\'ll go right through if your credit card is valid. It\'s less successful once you\'ve built up a reputation as a scammer on that account but new accounts are free.', 'Yes, ive seen scam paid adverts for years on facebook. Ive even reported them and facebook said they were fine after the review.', 'At least our real lord and savior the sun is trying to kill him with radiation', 'no he seriously looks alien to me. and not just influenced from all the photoshops.', ""that's an interesting and empathetic thought."", ""All of that feeds into what Starling is in business to do, which is make money.  If this wasn't going to have any effect on their bottom line, Starling wouldn't have bothered with any of it.\n\n_A_ subtext, BTW, not _the_ subtext."", ""They're not talking about the American presidential election"", '[deleted]', 'Ohhhh that makes much more sense. I was thinking ""good for them, I think the lemonade stand down the street is doing the same.""', '""But we profit from those scammers. Why would we hurt our customers by not letting them scam people on our platform?""', 'So can we, disable your account', 'Makes them money too', 'What exactly?', 'It’s the same as their political disinformation ads they let run rampant. They don’t give a shit where the money comes from, as long as they get paid. Truly cyberpunk, when the “metaverse” is funded by disingenuous advertising on a platform that sells your privacy.', ""to be fair it is actually a difficult problem at that scale. I've engaged with the issue before and scammers tend to target abandoned facebook profiles and hacked wordpress installs to install secret webstores to host their scammy shit. So when you chase it, all you end up with is more victims, as opposed to finding attackers. It's very hard to nail the attackers down or implement an automatic system that won't result in a lot of false positives (because the attackers are good at hiding in civvies).  \n\nWhat they need to do though is manually do more. I've reported ads before and seen them weeks later on other accounts. They need more manual workloads they can introduce to verify and vet, especially when people run ads, they need to ensure attackers can't just get approval on something innocent and then toggle into the attack (e.g. the mod queue needs to be continuous)."", 'On the one hand it sucks for people to get scammed. On the other hand, I think the thing that will kill Facebook will be when it is nothing but bots and nonsensical posts.', 'Which is unfair, I got banned for saying “If you try to break into my house again, I’ll shoot you” but they let worse shit slide.', '[deleted]', 'they outsource their moderation system implementation to TaskUs and others, iirc  \n\n\nEdit: to be more precise', 'Those people pay for ads and give FB money, what money are *you* giving Facebook?\n\nShould tell you everything you need to know.', 'I mean, a kindling splitter for $40? Kind of obvious don’t you think? Iron skillets start at $100.', 'Self regulation by these clowns is no regulation. Others do it well. (see the UL as an example)', ""It's because you aren't the customer, you're the product."", ""They protect their customers. They have tons of tools for managing ads and such. I would go as far to say, Facebook takes great care of their customers. \n\nIt's fucking hilarious that you think _you're_ the customer. Let me avail you if that disillusion right now: you are the commodity Facebook is selling. Just like cows at a meat factory, Facebook gives no fucks about you. You're cattle for the slaughter."", ""This is a very elaborate set up to try and pretend you don't visit tushy.com"", 'It is the greed of humanity to burn this into our hearts and forget that we have any life left to live.', ""Unless the board are on her side, she almost certainly will be removed at some point. It's like airline baggage fees, at some point the billions trump customer experience in the eyes of shareholders."", 'Uh huh and what about the other half of my comment?', ""Yup have worked with them, and can confirm they're decent people too."", 'Starling have thankfully curtailed the fraud rings that we rampant with them previously.', '[deleted]', ""You're fine supporting slavery I guess. The Qatar government is listed as an investor on their own website."", ""I'm in U.S. and them not advertising on FB is what got them to be in the spotlight over here so it definitely seems like better advertising. Especially since so many people are upset with FB, if big companies stop working with them hopefully others realize it's not worth it as well."", 'they are trying to be hip again', 'I also hate when companies try to take over a word.', 'You should give Youtube Vanced a try.', 'Is there a way to transfer liked videos or playlists? Do i need to redo it all?', 'On iOS? You ok?', 'I don\'t think its just you, I\'ve noticed that YouTubes algorithm often does horrible with music recs - a while ago I had a playlist that started out with some hard rock & metal and it managed to transition to Taylor Swift somehow.  Have had mutliple music playlists transition into nerd videos like lego reviews that are DEFINITELY not music vids.  It also really likes to reintroduce vids you\'ve downvoted to your playlists.\n\nI really hate the ""funnel"" that YouTube and other content aggregate websites try to force you into.  I\'m usually not there to watch the same shit over and over and over again I personally suspect that rots your brain.\n\nKinda suspect they\'re moving their algorithm towards a Facebook/Meta model where they get more engagement from users by pissing them off than by showing them things they\'re actually interested in seeing.', 'I got thirty minutes about a Chinese guy talking about the 30th anniversary for something I don’t remember', 'Anything for Apple TV?', 'Yeah that makes sense, better way to maximize profits', 'Well they sure have a lot of scams in their ads', 'Is this some other Facebook?\n\nI bought a light from an ad on Facebook.  They sent me instead a bunch of random surface-mounted parts and LEDs and an assembly manual for some other device entirely.  (It wasn\'t even advertised as a kit, or I\'d not have bought it.  And humans can\'t solder surface mount components very well...)\n\nEventually PayPal gave me my money back.\n\nThat same ad showed up over and over again.  All the comments were like mine.  There was no way to report this ad as fraudulent.\n\nYears later, the same company advertises to me, though they change their scams every few weeks.\n\nChecking your history is interesting. You\'re the sort of person who uses racist nicknames like ""Pocahontas"" for public officials, no surprise you\'re posting these gross mistruths here.\n\nBut I am very glad you are at least rational about vaccines and vaccination, so in the balance, thanks for doing that.', 'Very serious maritime engineering standards!', 'The evidence would suggest otherwise lol.', 'Source please?', '> Facebook has strict standards for which types of advertisements are allowed to be served on its various platforms\n\nEvidence suggests otherwise, ads are a scam city.\n\nReporting these scams also does absolutely nothing most of the time, the reply to your report is that there was nothing wrong.', "">It's less successful once you've built up a reputation as a scammer on that account but new accounts are free.  \n\nI'm sure you can propose a solution to this problem. And new accounts are not free (if you want them to last more than a day, that is)."", '[removed]', 'I ask because Biden didn’t run in 2016. So your comment is a tad confusing.', 'I love this. This is genuinely it.', 'If you’re not paying for it, you’re the product.', 'This was basically the Trump playbook if you followed him closely enough as well.  He never criticized the people who were paying him, ever.\n\n>“It was miraculous. It was almost no trick at all, he saw, to turn vice into virtue and slander into truth, impotence into abstinence, arrogance into humility, plunder into philanthropy, thievery into honor, blasphemy into wisdom, brutality into patriotism, and sadism into justice. Anybody could do it; it required no brains at all. **It merely required no character.”**  \n>  \n>\\- Joseph Heller, Catch 22', ""wasn't there an article yesterday about FB still collecting data on disabled accounts?"", 'It will never be just bots. Until they stop pedaling anger and hate, people will continue flocking to it like sheep.', ""Their moderation system is based on how much you've paid them."", '[deleted]', ""Eh, kinda borderline there, but yeah, that's bs"", 'For the record, what country are you talking about?', 'Not sure why you’re getting the downvotes. Seems like folks have forgotten that there’s a world outside the US.', ""This is insane. It's like a comment from opposite land"", 'I bet my everything everyone thought you were talking about the us and so you got the load of downvotes.\nUSA is technically the world, amiright?', 'Wow. I’m an uncultured swine', 'Huh? The largest Lodge skillet (15 inches, which is massive) is 54.95. normal sizes are 20-30', 'Yeah, no. \n\nEvery unregulated industry runs wild until basically one step from literally shoveling normal citizens into a meat grinder and it is the nature of corporate machinery to reinvent itself for maximum possible efficiency at any human cost. If you do not set boundaries this is the inevitable end result.', 'Okay so the two paragraphs you wrote directly contradict eachother lol', 'Dude, I’m not going to pretend that I’ve never seen Mick Blue rail some college girls and real estate women anally in 1040 HD and thought “I think I’ll go ahead and get my shame lotion, now…”', 'Did you read my comment as a defence of Starling’s choice of investor? Because it wasn’t.', ""You don't support everything you use surely. Simple to have an unbiased opinion as a customer not like he works for them."", '>I\'m in U.S. and them not advertising on FB is what got them to be in the spotlight over here so it definitely seems like better advertising. \n\ni mean, they\'re a UK bank. if their ad campaigns in the UK have made them known in the UK i think thats, y\'know, better advertising. \n\nthe global metric isn\'t ""did this make headlines in the states?"" lol', ""Regardless of what you think of Facebook, it's still an extremely effective ad platform for a lot of companies large and small. Stopping ads on Facebook would hurt a lot of businesses.\n\nIf you think Facebook only cares about profits, do you think that these other companies *don't* care about profits?"", 'Was never hip but it was literally a babe rating app, Facebook was not a book of the faces you know, it was a hot girl on campus looks rating', 'When Meta rightfully begins to another company. FB is trying to bully them out of their name.', 'If only it worked easily for iOS.', 'Yeah you can log in with you account. Its just a version of the YouTube app with adblock.', 'Transfer of what to where? Your likes and playlists are saved on your YT account, so they are available everywhere', 'Sounds like those 30 minutes really made a big impression! 😂', 'PiHole between your modem and your router and then most ads get blocked for all devices on your Internet connection.\n\n*Edit:* clarified phrasing. Added “most”; changed “everything” to “all devices”.', 'I’m not familiar with smart TVs, sorry', ""Referring to Elizabeth Warren as Pocahontas isn't racist, it's a reference to the fact that she built her entire career on the basis of affirmative action fraud.\n\nA comment or a joke is racist if the punchline comes at the expense of the ethnicity being invoked. Calling Elizabeth Warren Pocahontas is only a dig at her own fraud and deceit, it doesn't say anything about Native Americans."", '[Here you go](https://www.facebook.com/policies/ads/).', ""I'm sorry to hear that."", '[deleted]', 'Yeah, even dating apps would agree. Its all a big money wash.', 'You do realize that the Russian collusion hoax was fake, financed by Hillary and the democrats. The Durham probe proved that.  Hate to tell you snowflake, but the media and the Democrats have made you look like a complete fool. China 🇨🇳 Joe has proven that.  Everything Trump warned us about China 🇨🇳Joe is happening . You have nobody to blame except yourself 🤣🤣🤣🙄', 'I mean they scrape data on people who never even had accounts in the first place, so how is that surprising?', 'I reposted a meme from Vermin Supreme. I got a ""violence tag"" and he didn\'t. (the photo wasn\'t even violent)\n\nBecause he\'s got thousands of followers, I suppose.\n\nEdit : a letter', 'The scammer advertisements are pretty rampant too.', '[deleted]', ""Just heads up, he said in our country. I believe it's not about the US.\n\nUnderstandable mistake."", ""~~Almost word for word of the same comment they posted on the root of this discussion. Divorced from reality doesn't even begin to describe it.~~\n\nWelp, I was wrong about where they were talking about."", ""Meh. Bear in mind the entire 'Russiagate' narrative was completely fake.\n\nThink how much media mileage was spewed out on that (Maddow, I'm especially looking at you).\n\nThe only 2 people arrested have been Hillary Clinton's own lawyer & the paid Russian.\n\nhttps://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2021/sep/16/michael-sussmann-clinton-lawyer-charged-lying-fbi-trump-russia\n\nhttps://nypost.com/2021/11/04/the-real-collusion-was-the-creation-of-russiagate-out-of-absolutely-nothing/\n\nJust to repeat: It was all made up."", '[deleted]', 'And government regulation devolves into crony protectionism that chooses winners and losers, benefitting the connected over the consumer.\n\nThe UL was my example. You said nothing to disprove the fact that it works, and has worked well for decades... You just threw out... Words of some sort.', 'Bless your heart. Do you really think the words ""customer"" and ""commodity"" mean the same thing? You can\'t be that uneducated, really?\n\nOk, let me break it down for you:\n\nCustomer - someone who buys ads on Facebook. These are the people Facebook does business with.\n\nCommodity - the people who willingly give all of their private information to Facebook for Facebook to turn around and sell ti their, yep, _CUSTOMERS_... yep, that\'s YOU, the mindless masses who thing ""customer"" and ""commodity"" mean the same thing.\n\nFacebook doesn\'t care about you, because as you\'ve just proved you have this disillusion that you, who gives Facebook NO MONEY, are somehow something Facebook gives a shit about. They don\'t. They only want to exploit you.', 'I mean don’t get me wrong: I do like to watch Mick’s big uncircumcised Austrian cock go into women’s asses, and rub one out in the privacy of my own home after a stressful day at work. But I wasn’t at the proper venue to view his work when I clicked the “bidet” advertisement on Facebook, and found it rather shocking.', 'Still worth being known internationally for the sake of potential expansion.', 'No I agree, but debatably by choosing to not advertise they reached a much larger base. This only works because they are a large company and it was picked up by a reporting website, a small business deciding to not advertise on FB would instantly hurt the themselves.', '| Was never hip\n\nLOL yes it was.  I was in college when facebook came out - you needed a .edu address to join.  Everyone used it because it was a private space for social media that parents and potential employers couldn\'t see (very easily).  It was indeed, very, very hip.  It replaced AIM as the go-to communication platform between 18-22 year olds and served as a way to extend your social network.  And yes, there was a flavor of college-sexy on the app (you could ""poke"" people as a way to get to start a convo) but it wasn\'t a rating system.  \n\nWhat you\'re referring to was a hack project that zuck did, got recognition for, abandoned, and then went on to steal the idea of a broad social network from the Winklevoss twins.  \n\nEDIT - saved early:\nThen they let anyone join to increase the userbase and the platform very quickly transformed into what it is today.  Followed quickly by an IPO where Sheryl Sandberg (Google ad-words pioneer) led the targeted advertising initiative.  Zuckerberg is a weasel to be sure, but Sheryl Sandberg is the brains behind it all.  She\'s the Krang to Zuckerberg\'s Shredder', 'Try [uYouPlus](https://github.com/qnblackcat/uYouPlus) on iOS by sideloading it with [AltStore](https://altstore.io). It works great for me.', 'Hates on Facebook while enjoying rhe life of the walled garden.', ""Its called youtube vanced? I'm only seeing vancedtube on the play store and there's no login on the app that I can see"", ""Right, unless vancedtube is different than youtube vanced, then I have the wrong app and yet vanced didn't show up in play store. Vancedtube didn't give me an option to login"", 'The 1800-year anniversary of Imperial China ad was especially brutal.', '""everything""  \nMarketing at its best. Pihole cant block youtube ads or other embed ads because they are hosted on the same server as the content you want to check out.  \n  \nThat said, pihole is still a good start.  \nSource: im a pihole user with a recursive dns running on it', 'It doesn’t block YouTube ads', 'If I’m able to set my dns to an adblocking dns, do I still need a Pihole?', '[removed]', 'For that side note, you’re my hero', 'I never mentioned Russia once but you sure walk around with a guilty conscience to felt the need to write all that to defend him over it', 'It is not surprising at all. But there is a distinction between disabling you account and deleting it. Albeit neither accomplish what you may truly want.\n\nCome to think if it, is it actually possible for one of the data giants to find all info on you in their vast array of data and delete it? Even from backup? I wonder if its actually possible to do.', 'It’s called white listing and this is exactly what it is. If you’re popular enough to get a blue check mark, then what you say and share is put under different lenses  of scrutiny. The leaked Facebook white papers actually contain this information. If you’re curious about the white papers contents, the Wall Street journal actually put out a really good podcast detailing it.', ""Yea, that's definitely what's happening. I was trying to figure out which one was Biden and which was Trump in your comment for the longest time until I realized you might not be talking about the U.S."", 'Ah ok. Shows how fucked things are really', ""Just heads up, he said in our country. I believe it's not about the US.\n\nUnderstandable mistake."", 'Are you forgetting that not everyone in the world lives in the USA?', ""That's true if you ignore everything else"", 'Yup, bet on that too', 'no, i upvoted', 'Yes, yes, only unfettered private companies can save us all. Never mind that basically every single time in recent history this scenario on the folds it is a disaster for the consumer.', ""Dude I'm not even gonna read it or attempt to reply any further. You sound like you had a bad day and lash out at this point. Hope you're ok"", 'Sounds more like an enema.', 'Except this is a one-time story, whereas Facebook ads can be never-ending.', 'I would love a new version of Facebook that required a college email, though I guess I would be excluded at this point lol', ""Youtube Vanced disables ads, big no-no for google, so you won't find it on the app store.\n\nVanced is a side-load only application, that means you need to download the .APK from their site and install it like that.\n\nOh, and it plays in the background!\n\nAll the info is here https://vancedapp.com/"", ""YouTube vanced isn't in the play store. Google will find it for you."", '> Vancedtube \n\nyeah I have no idea what that is. Probably some scam. Actual program is ""YouTube Vanced""', 'PiHole would likely give you more control over what\'s being blocked but I don\'t know what the guy above meant by ""between your modem and your router"", PiHole IS a DNS ad-blocker. It goes right on your network and you point DNS to it.', 'If you voted for Biden then my statement is spot on correct. The Democratic Party and the media have made you look like a complete fool. Its your own fault for being so gullible.', 'I am absolutely nobody. But I must’ve gotten whitelisted along the way randomly. Many of my friends hold the same political opinions and say the same things as I do and regularly get thrown in Facebook jail. I’ve been at it over a decade, and not even as much as a warning. Many of these people have sock puppet accounts they fall back on when they’ve been thrown in jail; apparently Facebook doesn’t even bother to check IP addresses see if content is flowing out of a sanctioned account address. \nAnd, of course, many of these sock puppet accounts have what are clearly non-human names, in violation of Facebook TOS. So, they’re not trying to do anything, they’re just trying to look like they are doing something.', '[deleted]', ""2016 Biden wasn't running."", ""Well I'm guessing the FBI is ignoring 'everything else' then."", ""And you still won't talk about my point... Presumably because you're only here to act like a little troll. Nice try at painting me as a radical anarchist... Even though my very first comment stated that the original point was correct about the specific people mentioned.\n\nNo room for thought in your head, I suppose. Have a nice day."", ""Perfect thank you so much!! I didn't realize it was an apk"", ""I guess it's someone's attempt to get those who don't know what apks are too think it's similar to youtube vanced and use that instead"", ""Nah, they just didn't notice you, that's all. Only people who make Facebook actual money are getting whitelisted, it doesn't happen by accident. Keep in mind, there's a *lot* of accounts active on facebook."", ""Honestly, you're probably right. At least, that's what I would do if I was an evil CEO selling influence to a gullible population for lots of money."", '>2016 Biden wasn\'t running.\n\nNo shit.\n\n>During the 2016 presidential elections (and even afterwards) in our country, supporters of the current president would spread fake news\n\nI wasn\'t sure if they were talking about the ""current president"" in the present tense, meaning Biden, or the ""current president"" when it was 2016. Thank you though for correcting me anyways.', ""No they didn't. The person who told you that the FBI report exonerated Trump lied to you."", 'Just be aware that it requires some 5 minutes to set up as first you need to install the manager and through that, you install the actual app itself. \n\nOnce in a while it will kick the bucket and refuse to work. This happens probably once in a few months, but its easy to set up again, you just uninstall and reinstall.\n\nKinda annoying that we have to resort to such measures to have a nice experience.', 'Rest assured, I have gone out of my way to offend many many people, and I’m sure I’ve been reported many many times.', '[deleted]', ""It was made up.\n\nThe FBI know it. The 'sources' were Democrats themselves 😂\n\nWatch their arrests."", 'It was super quick. I love how you can install everything you need from the manager app. The hardest/longest part was trying to remember my password haha', 'It was always going to work anyways. Social media is here to stay, and people in power will always try and use it to further their selfish interests at the expense of the public good. In general though, I’m optimistic that while people growing up with social media will face a lot of challenges and bad side effects, they will be smarter with this stuff than the average person now. I’m hoping in the long run, the ability to communicate easily and transparently ends up being a good thing.', '[removed]', ""Check out [Bitwarden](https://bitwarden.com) for that, while we're recommending apps."", ""use newpipe if you don't want third party app have access to your gmail and youtube account. its faster to set up but still sideloaded""]"
