0
Is Ethereum security or not?
2022-01-12 04:58:01
"U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission chair Gary Gensler today didn't give an answer on whether or not Ethereum is a security—but he did say that if someone or something is raising money from the public, it could potentially meet the definition. 

""We don't get involved in these types of public forums talking about any one project, one possible circumstance or give legal advice over the airwaves that way,"" he said on CNBC when asked whether Ethereum, the second biggest cryptocurrency by market cap, was a security. 

He then added that if ""you're raising money from the public and the public is in anticipation of profit, based upon that promotor, sponsor, that group's efforts, that's within the securities laws.""

A security is a tradable financial asset that has monetary value—like stocks or bonds—that meets a specific legal definition as outlined by the so-called Howey Test. Under U.S. law, an asset meets the definition of a security if it is an investment of money in a common enterprise from which there is an expectation of profit based on that enterprise’s efforts.

The SEC previously said that it does not consider Bitcoin, the biggest cryptocurrency by market cap, to be a security but has weighed down on other cryptocurrencies, such as Ripple’s XRP. The SEC in December 2020 hit the creator of the eighth biggest digital asset by market cap with a $1.3 billion lawsuit—a case that is still ongoing.

In June 2018, William Hinman, the former director of the SEC's Division of Corporation Finance, said that he believed Ethereum, since its sale, had become ""sufficiently decentralized"" and is now therefore not a security.

But the SEC of today, under Gary Gensler, might take a harder stance. For instance, Gensler has said that he believes thousands of cryptocurrencies in the Ethereum DeFi space—the world of peer-to-peer lending, borrowing and trading—are operating as unregistered securities.

#securities #defi #cryptocurrency"
"['Here’s the video of the CNBC interview https://mobile.twitter.com/SquawkCNBC/status/1480540049376751619\n\nThere are some projects in the DeFi space that could be seen as securities (especially the projects that are backed and funded by VCs). However, for fully decentralized projects, I don’t see why they would be considered securities.']"
