0
Why is so hard to get real joint accounts at NeoBanks?
2022-01-13 09:18:01
"So far of the European neo-banks, only Bunq and Monzo have real joint accounts. N26, Revolt, Tommorow have some fake joint account like thing that still has a primary account holder who the money belongs to, and it only allows the other account holders access, sometimes with limited functionality. Revolt won't even let you transfer money from a true shared account. Wise, Vialet and Fidor no have mention of joint accounts of any sort.

This is such a basic feature, why is it so rare among major neobanks? And why do so many of the neobanks implement it so wrong? Why are many of ads for opening a joint account encouraging things it would generally be unwise to use a joint account for (aka open an account with your friend and roommates), as opposed to what they're actually for, which is opening an account with a life partner you intended to share finances with? The fake implementation might make sense for some of the dumb things they suggest doing with a joint accounts in ads but there are plenty of easier and safer ways to do those things. Why aren't joint account ads pictures of baby strollers and wedding rings? You may say families use neobanks less, but that's because neobanks don't have the primary account type used by many families.

The fake joint account doesn't serve the purpose a joint account is supposed to be for, which is sharing your financial life with someone else, usually a spouse or life partner. If your partner is staying home with your kid or something, using one of the neo-bank joint accounts with a true account holder where others are only granted access invites financial abuse. The point of a joint account is that it's supposed to be hard to separate, and in the event of one account holder's death, the other account holder has full and immediate access to everything in it because it was their money too all along."
"[""I guess because it's not worth the headache to implement the functionality and compliance for such accounts. I.e. it's not their target market.\n\nThere is also a bunch of FinTechs in US that focus on couple's joint accounts and household (rent) collective accounts.\n\nAlso multi-tenant banking with proper ACL is not as straightforward as it seems.\n\nHere's a list of all neo banks and **most** of them don't offer joint accounts.\n\nhttps://www.awesomefintech.com/category/challenger-banks/"", 'A perspective from inside the industry. Joint accounts increase the complexity dramatically. Instead of 1 to 1 relationships between individuals and the accounts, you now need to handle many to many relationships between all of these entities in your system. After that, things like access controls become even more complex. If the shared account needs to be blocked for some reason (compromised, suspected fraud etc), should you still have access to your own login, and separate balance? Or do you need to automatically block money out from all balances, but maintain read only access. What about the other account? Should you apply transaction limits on the individual, or on the shared spend across both accounts?', 'In the US, the number of neo banks with joint accounts is also incredibly small. I think the list is Betterment and a new one called Zeta? Not sure about any others.', ""Because neobanks are MVPs of banks, They are using technology to lower the cost of starting a bank and don't have the cash to implement AML/KYC for products other than basic bank accounts."", 'Revolut has shared vaults, i.e. subaccounts where one or more users are admins (can add more users or withdraw the funds) and one or more additional Revolut users have permissions to contribute.\n\nAll Revolut accounts are for a single user (for identification purposes and KYC/AML and credit checks) but this feature practically implements shared sub-account functionality. You missed this. It works in an excellent way.', 'Everything that was already said (complexity, compliance, MVP, etc.). As neobanks grow their product line, this will inevitably have to become part of their portfolio. The one thing not mentioned yet but is a real issue to tackle is… divorce (which is seemingly just as popular as marriage). Especially in nasty divorces, one could try to freeze the other out of the account or drain the money out of the joint to a solo account. There are some nasty things that happen with shared money and they look to the bank to resolve, and it is a customer service headache that many neobanks aren’t ready for.', 'Not sure what’s so hard about it. Monese also has a joint account. The one from Vivid works like a real account (other than from N26), but it’s still owned by the primary owner. In practice I don’t think most people will care who is the legal owner as long as the full functionality is there.', 'I\'m surprised that isn\'t their target market, given how many millennials are partnering up and starting families these days.\n\nDoes it make sense to encourage a cultural norm that when you\'re in a sufficiently serious relationship, it\'s time to open an account at a ""real"" bank? To make it a right of passage to stop being part of neobanks target market? I would think many new banks would want to keep customers as their customers as they get older, make more money, partner up, and start families.\n\nI would also think the most established banks, like N26 would be the ones to get this right.', 'It seems sofi offers it too.', ""I didn't miss this, I said Revolut had a fake form of joint account.\n\nFrom my understanding you can't link a card directly to a shared vault. It also isn't truly owned by two people, so you couldn't have two people depositing their salaries into it (or maybe you could, if one of them was stupid). That's not a joint account."", ""I think it would a great feature to let couples set a maximum amount they can spend from a joint account without the other person's verification. Most people who have a joint account have a number of what they would never spend without talking to their partner first, and being able to program that, so both people have to approve sufficiently large transactions would be really useful. If I'm buying groceries, I don't want the other person to need to approve it, but if I'm buying a car, I do. It would solve some of the compliance issues you're talking about too, and it would add security (if one person were being manipulated or coerced, they couldn't be forced to move more than the set amount without their partner's consent)."", ""People do care who the account's legal owner is. \n\nPeople get divorced, split up, and/or die, and who the legal account holder is matters in those circumstances, especially for savings and primary checking accounts. It would be extremely unwise to put your paycheck in an account legally owned by someone else, where you only have access to it based on their permission. \n\nIf one person in a couple dies, and the account is legally owned by them, only giving the other person access, that person would lose access while the account ends up in court, even it their salary was going into that account, and/or it was their savings too. Losing access to your bank accounts immediately upon your partner's death, and needing to go through a court to access your money would be a huge unnecessary stress.\n\nIn the case of splitting up or getting divorced, a joint account can get messy, but that's kind of the point, and that's also why divorce courts exists. As I was saying earlier needing both people to authorize transactions above a certain amount would be a nice security feature on joint accounts because it would reduce drama and increase security. Most people have an agreement about how much they're allowed to spend out of joint accounts without discussing it (aka buying groceries without talking about it is fine, but buying a car is not), and being able to enforce that in software by clicking a thing instead going to a bank and both showing ID would be nice. It would also mean that a thief who accessed one person's device couldn't empty a joint account, then could only steal what one person was allowed to take without taking about it."", 'This makes sense. N26 introduced spaces, but it’s nearly as functional as joint accounts. \n\nEdit:** NOT as functional ☝️ \n\nI think it’s a classic supply&demand issue. Most GenZs don’t know that they need a joint account yet. \n\nAnd this niche can be taken by either classic banks or neobanks.', 'That’s interesting to elaborate on. To add to that, perhaps in addition to a fixed amount threshold also allow percentage. “Don’t allow 50% of the account to be drained on one single transaction without both owners’ approval”. This would allow the value to grow over time as the account grows, but keep the concept in place.', 'People who need joint accounts are not a niche market. [Nearly half the population is married](https://www.bbc.com/news/blogs-magazine-monitor-31461595), and many more people are cohabitating in stable long term relationships. A significant portion of married people use joint accounts as their primary accounts. I\'m guessing the accounts with two earners salaries going into them tend to be much bigger than single people\'s accounts as well.\n\n""Almost as functional as a joint account"" doesn\'t count. That\'s like claiming your bike is almost as functional as a car. N26\'s joint account model would make no sense, and be financially dangerous for two people to use it to deposit their salaries into, because the money would then legally be owned by only one of them. I don\'t think the situation would be much better if one partner wasn\'t working to support the other\'s career.\n\nAnother big market for N26 is expats, and expats moving as couples need a real joint account, often because one partner quit working for the move, but N26 doesn\'t offer it. That\'s certainly helping the smaller neobanks who do offer real joint accounts, but it still doesn\'t make sense to me.\n\nN26 has also been around almost ten years, and has been popular for five. Many people who were their target market five years ago are starting to partner up now, and are finding they need to get a grown up bank account, or at minimum switch neobanks.\n\nN26 doesn\'t have many partnered customers using them as a primary account, because they aren\'t offering viable primary accounts for such people, not because there aren\'t plenty of people interested.\n\nIf neobanks think their target market is uni students and young single people, it makes sense, but I would think breaking into the ""people with partners and/or families"" market would make good business sense, especially as many of their previous customers get older and become ""people with partners and/or families"", who are being forced off their platform because they don\'t offer basic services for them.', 'That would make a lot of sense. People should be able to set it either way, as a percentage or as a fixed amount. \n\nMaybe the bank itself could set the 50% threshold for savings accounts to reduce their exposure in a dispute between the owners.', 'Good points. I mistyped “nearly NOT as functional as joint accounts”. \n\n+1 point on legally owned, that’s the part I call compliance in my first comment. \n\nAnd you bring up a good point about maturity of N26 customers and change in their needs within 5-10 years.']"
