0
Transition from retail banking
2022-01-14 15:50:26
"Hi everyone, what would be the best options in fintech careers if coming from a retail banking background. Specifically retail bank manager. My husband is in his mid 40s and I worry about his career with Fintech being so huge. Especially since he is a bit older and might be perceived as such if he enters fintech too late. Thanks so much for your advice!"
"['FinTech needs more people with real banking experience!\n\nThere are programs where you can get up skilled in the Tech part, if that’s the direction he wants to go. \n\nHere’s a good example that industry expertise maters a lot:\nhttps://twitter.com/rohitdotmittal/status/1481672398990716932?s=21\n\nI also collected different types of FinTechs here, in case your husband wants to explore further:\nhttps://www.awesomefintech.com/categories/\n\nHappy to chat 1:1 with him.', 'There are a few ways to think about his experience. One perspective is to think very literally about what he interacted with at the branch. There are a myriad of tools that his branch used to conduct business. Payment processing, account opening, lending, Customer Service tools etc. Every single fin tech company out there is trying to land their products in his branch and he knows what works and what doesn’t. There is also a lot of power in “him being able to say I ran a branch and this is why this product worked really well for us.” Another view is to think more abstractly about what he did there which would involve him being able to associate his background with the needs of a specific FinTech company.', 'His experience would be url for sales or consultancy. Like someone mentioned above, for sales he can convince and have instant credibility when discussing why they should take X Product. \n\nSimilarly with consultancy, if he’s willing to up skill on latest tech, and How to move to STP he would find plenty of work helping banks go through digital transformation. \n\nThe hardest part will be him “resetting” his brain and expectations of existing processes. Just because onboarding/payments/cards work a certain way for his bank typically FinTech’s are trying to streamline these processes and he needs to keep an open mind.', ""Why do you worry? Fintech won't replace incumbents any time soon."", 'This is great! Thank you! I’ll keep you posted!!!', 'Thank you :)', 'That makes sense. Thank you so much!', 'That’s true but I wonder how it might effect their pay/bonuses, etc. Also, if it’s the way of the future and he has another 20 years before retirement, I worry that if the industry moves in that direction that those who are younger and more tech savvy will fill the positions. I feel like it would be great for him to get into fintech sooner rather than later in order to learn it, have experience in it, and have some seniority so that he himself isn’t considered obsolete once that time comes.']"
