0
Emerging markets will see more fintech in 2022
2022-01-15 00:13:13
"This year, emerging markets saw explosive startup activity, record funding, and impressive exits. [Nubank](https://www.linkedin.com/company/nubank/) IPO, in particular, was a watershed moment for Latin America and for fintech globally, representing a massive exit in Latin America and generating a cohort of founders in its wake.  


2022 will bring more growth in investment and innovation in financial services across emerging markets. We’ll likely see several broad trends in the types of companies that emerge.  


There’s been a lot of B2C fintech in emerging markets historically, and now we’ll see more B2B helping small businesses as well as enterprise customers with digitizing and optimizing payments, more efficiently paying employees, procuring supplies, handling accounting, insuring themselves and more.  


Second, new modern APIs will make it possible for companies to make payments, access bank account information, issue cards, bridge crypto, verify identity, and more. Rather than needing to manually build one-off integrations with traditional financial systems, companies will be able to plug into modern infrastructure and, therefore, launch new fintech products with less cost upfront. There needs to be enough demand to justify new infrastructure, and we’re starting to hit the point in the ecosystem where this makes sense.  


Third, the business models that will emerge are going to look more and more to other emerging markets for inspiration rather than the U.S. and Europe. There are a number of business models and feature sets based on existing user behavior, regulation, and stage of digitization that fit better across emerging markets.  


For example, India and Latin America have seen a number of homegrown B2B marketplaces (with embedded fintech) that don’t exist in the U.S. or Europe, in part because these marketplaces provide small businesses access to things like credit and logistics, which are often particularly costly and friction-filled to find otherwise in emerging markets.  


We’ve seen business models like super apps (both consumer and enterprise-focused) and community buying platforms thrive, as well as feature sets like starting with funds instead of stock trading for investing apps.  


We’re already seeing the interconnectedness of entrepreneurs across these regions. We’ve met founders building small business accounting infrastructure in Sao Paulo getting regular advice over [WhatsApp](https://www.linkedin.com/company/whatsapp./) from peers in Jakarta. Entrepreneurs in Lagos finding business model inspiration for their B2B marketplaces in Karachi. COVID accelerated many tech trends, but it also shrunk the world considerably."
