0
Open finance use case: Payments
2022-01-22 21:49:19
"No area in financial services has changed as dramatically in recent years as the payments space. This is just the beginning of what’s changing within the payments space with the rise of open finance.   


Open finance enables financial services companies to connect to financial accounts via application programming interfaces (APIs) and quickly validate and authenticate data from a checking account. To get more specific, companies that implement open finance can use APIs to:  


1. Validate account numbers  
2. Validate account ownership  
3. Validate account balances   


Once each item is validated, payments can safely and securely transfer within seconds, instead of the 1-3 days that are generally standard in the United States via ACH transactions.  


Securely is a key word here, as 62% of consumers express some hesitancy about connecting their bank accounts — mostly because of issues related to security.   


That said, once consumers understand how secure the process is, the uses for open finance are wide-ranging.  


Take a landlord, for example, who wants to automate the payment process without pulling money from an account that doesn’t have sufficient funds. With open finance and direct APIs, landlords will be able to validate that an account has sufficient funds before the payment goes through — and the funds will be available within seconds instead of taking days. The same advantages are present for subscription-based products and even in-store payments.   


What does all of this mean for banks? More than anything, it means that banks need to evolve.  


Consider what happened when new entrants to the investing space offered a simpler app experience and no trading fees. Within just a few years, traditional players like [TD](https://www.linkedin.com/company/td/) Ameritrade and [Charles Schwab](https://www.linkedin.com/company/charles-schwab/) cut their trading fees to compete. Why? Because they could see that keeping the relationship with their customers alive was worth more over the long term.   


Banks should consider the same thing when it comes to open finance: Keep the relationship alive. If customers decide that they’re better off using open finance for payments — perhaps becave merchants start offering a discount for using such payments — these customers will go where they can use open finance. If this happens, these customers may leave banks, credit unions, and possibly even credit card companies for whoever offers the best real-time experience.   


Payments backed by predictive analytics will truly be a game- changer that will benefit those companies that lead the way with open finance. "
['Great post! \n\nWhat do you think can be a great fintech business opportunity in Canadian market right now?']
