0
Does Starbucks qualify to be called a FinTech?
2022-01-23 01:28:34
"I’ve seen it included next to Apple Pay and Google Pay many times. 

What do you guys thing is it below the bar or above the bar to be called a ☕️ FinTech?

EDIT: after seeing the controversial feedback, here’s a new question: should we define **a new category** for the companies that are really good at using FinTech-like software versus actual FinTechs?

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/sa3nnx)"
"['No, Starbucks is not a fintech, they’re a coffee house chain. If they’re a fintech, then we’ve dramatically expanded the umbrella to the point where the term is meaningless.', '[deleted]', 'No, they have a good use case of a payment fintech but they are not a Fintech or close. \n\nIn fact they are using another 3rd party payment system. \n\nSame with Uber, Seamless etc', 'I would think so.  It was a trailblazer for imbedded finance.  Really paved the way for everything else.  Consumer benefits were apparent.  Ease of payment, order ahead and finally, a rewards program.  On the Sbux side, they get a massive influx of cash.  Essentially, interest free loans.', 'No, they are maybe the most successful negative interest savings account in history though.', ""Fintech companies are (typically) first and foremost finance companies. They're required to comply with AML/BSA and other federal banking regulations (this includes crypto exchanges and even companies like Meta, which heavily toes the fintech line, or probably is just straight-up a fintech company at this point, idk the details). Starbucks, on the other hand, is not.\n\nEDIT: Using a fintech-type payment platform doesn't immediately qualify a company as being fintech."", 'Nearly everything is fintech in the way people define it today. 90% of true Fintechs are infrastructure.', 'I think this is a good example of “Every company will be a fintech company”', 'If you vote yes, can you please add a comment on what makes it qualify in your opinion.', 'Also it’s highly likely that the app was contracted out to an actual fintech company. I would be shocked if Starbucks developed their own card processing, accounting, investment features', 'Fun fact Starbucks has more digital money than most banks because of their wallet app. \n\nhttps://www.linkedin.com/pulse/how-starbucks-also-unconventional-bank-tausif-mulla', 'Great analogy with 🚜', 'With that point of view, wouldn’t Dominos be considered the same? They leveraged technology for service as well.', 'Great breakdown, thank you for sharing!', 'Haha, this is my favorite one. Great phrase!', 'Great explanation 🙌', 'I think this is a an extremely narrow definition of fintech. I have worked for and with dozens of companies that work with financial institutions for 20 years that do not fit your definition', 'Right, but that doesn’t make them a fintech. Fintechs and neobanks are very specific niches in markets. Finance is their primary offering. Loading money into your Starbucks wallet doesn’t mean Starbucks is a fintech now, they’re still a coffee company. If that logic were sound, then literally any company that processes payments or offers a payment plan is now a fintech. The Starbucks wallet doesn’t let you do invest in financial markets, trade crypto, apply for a mortgage, etc., it’s merely an app to make buying your drinks easier.', 'Over 1.6B in prepaid balances whaaaa', 'Yeah, I don’t disagree. Definition of a fintech is a slippery slope. Again, I land on the fact that sbux did something very early at scale as something a bit different.', ""That's fair, however I think it's a pretty broad and spot on definition. Fintech is short for financial technology, after all. If a company's schtick isn't based in financial technology, then it's simply not a fintech company. I also don't think that a company that works *with* a financial institution is, on its own, a fintech company.\n\nFintech companies include the many different flavors of money transfers or remittance services (Venmo, Paysend, FB Pay, etc), online bidding sites (eBay), third party payment processors (Gravity), crypto exchanges and banks (BlockFi, Gemini, etc), investment services (Acorns, Robinhood), and I'm sure quite a few others that I can't recall off the top of my head.\n\nMy notion that fintech companies are typically first and foremost finance companies wasn't a rock-solid rule; I just said that they typically are. Either way, all of the examples I provided are required, at least under US laws, to have compliance departments that handle AML/BSA matters. KYC must be done, have a system in place that flags questionable transactions, suspicious activity reported to FinCEN, etc. This is what I currently do. I bounce around to fintech companies and help out in their compliance departments.\n\nBut, I would also argue that fintech companies include companies that create software for other companies to use, such as banking and ecommerce software. They still fall under fintech since they're technology companies that are more or less dealing with financial-related matters."", 'Haha yes and the next sentence “To put this in perspective, 85% of all US banks have less than $1 billion in assets.”']"
