0
Fintech Bootcamp
2022-01-23 08:10:37
What does everybody think about the Fintech bootcamps? Worth it? Thanks in advance!
"['Depends on your current career and career goals. \nHow technical are you?', 'What do you do at a fintech bootcamp?', 'Definitely not.', 'currently work in Microbiology, which requires me to be technical and analytical when running experiments. Possible careers in Fintech?', 'I agree it depends. Placement rates for FinTech boot camps are very good, so if you are transitioning/want to get into finance, this is a good option short of a degree. \n\nObviously there’s a lot you can learn yourself on moocs, but depending on where you go, it can be handy to see one of the top schools on your resume. Technical people (eg bio informatics majors, computer science majors) tend to be stronger students in the classes, and can pick up the finance more readily than students with finance backgrounds pick up the programming… but everyone learns something and is able to find suitable/challenging projects.\n\nSource: was a FinTech Bootcamp instructor', 'Apprently the one I’m looking at, covers python programming, machine learning and blockchain.', 'Reasons? Overall, i’ve heard a lot of mix reviews on bootcamps. I’ve spoken to several people on the tech industry and they say its a waste of money.', 'I’ve had several good hires from BioTech who worked on AI/ML, most of that stuff was replicable in a way with the financial data. \n\nMoving into the analyst position could be possible. \nYou’d need to brush up on the financial stuff and adopt your tech stuff.', 'Any bootcamp that you would recommend, Worst vs Best? Thanks!', 'Worst or best would depend on your angle. \nIf you’re technical going to a technical bootcamp would be a waste. If you’re in finance, then it might be useful. \n\nTop 3 bootcamps have a program that’s designed by one firm and it is technically a co-branded course.\n\nHappy to connect 1:1 and chat more.', 'Hi Eugene. As a long time Fintech Project Manager , I’m looking to get deeper into Blockchain and software development.  Do you have any insight into Columbia U/Trilogy Fintech bootcamp ? No one has anything good to say about Trilogy', 'Are you referring to 2U, Inc? Any thoughts on the quality of their course vs the alternatives (and what are the alternatives?) Thanks', 'Yes would be great to connect 1:1. Thanks!', 'DM’ed', 'Depends on your background and how technical do you want to get. I’ve just been talking to couple folks who go through it today and they have mixed feedback. \n\nBest output can be achieved once you know your strong and week traits and double down on levering both of them.', 'Great. Feel free to DM and we will set something up.']"
