0
Making the jump from subprime lending to fintech!
2022-01-24 11:00:38
"This is my first ever reddit post, and I am looking for some advice. I have been working at a small family owned aubprime lending company for ten years. I have the title of assistant manager. I started looking at BNPL companies in November, and I got super excited about joining a fast paced growing industry.  I updated my resume (quickly) and started applying. After much research, I figured out that I was just listing basic responsibilities and what recruiters and hiring managers goes beyond that. They want specific examples and love numbers. In my time at my job, I have done literally everything from taking payments, lending(direct and indirect), collections, audit preparation, compliance, customer service, dealer relations, marketing(creating mailers, office advertisements in Canva), month end and yearly reports, fraud investigation, court filings, remotely training a new staff, and much more. I am having a hard time translating my experience to what is listed in the job descriptions. I hired a resume writer, and he sends me lists of questions to answer and I get stuck every time. Any advice would be much appreciated!"
"[""Looks like you got a few good leads on help already, but happy to help as well!  \n\n\nI have experience interfacing with both subprime lending companies (both secured, and unsecured), and with various fintech lenders (not only BNPL), from the perspective of an investor (specifically, in their debt originations). You'd be surprised at how many fintech lenders are essentially just subprime lenders in fancy packaging with VC backing."", 'Dm me if you are interested to discuss Fintech, BNPL etc', 'Congrats on the first post!\n\nI saw couple other folks post their resumes and ask for roasting in r/FinancialCareers\n\nI’d focus on the niche you want to get into with FinTechs and custom tailor your resume for each company. \n\nAnother track is to take “internship” with a FinTech company. As you’ve noticed usually FinTechs have more of a startup culture versus corporate culture at the financial institutions. \n\nHappy to do 1:1 and go over your CV.', ""Thank you for responding! I would appreciate any help I can get. I have started learning python and sql, since it seems those are extremely common requirements. I feel like I could write an entire book on what I do at my current company. I just don't know how to write it to sell myself to recruiters and hiring managers, especially in a one page resume."", 'OP, definitely connect with Jake 👆too! 💯', 'Thank you for the response! I would love to do a 1:1. I am really interested in Affirm in particular. From the research I have been doing, I feel like they are actually trying to make a difference for not only their customers but also for their employees.  I want to be part of that.', 'Great. Feel free to DM me and we will setup a call. \n\nHere’s a list of other companies in the BNPL/Lending space\n\nhttps://www.awesomefintech.com/category/digital-lending/', 'Sure! Feel free to DM me.']"
