0
How to break into fintech
2022-01-24 23:02:32
"I am cfa lv1 pass and was wondering if I should complete my cfa first and then move towards fintech or directly do masters and skip cfa altogether?
Edit: I have just completed my undergrad in business administration from a good university in Pakistan. The reason why I want to go to fintech is that I am worried that cfa will become obsolete in some time and block chain industry would be the place to make the most money. I also want to stay ahead of the curve by being one of the early adopters. What I had in mind was to work in fintech where my skills in finance and economics would be best utilised, though I am not sure what industry that maybe. I would appreciate if people can also suggest me specific for it."
"['Are you trying to join Visa, an established company, or a startup?\n\nCause you don’t need your cfa in any of those cases. Network and do your homework on the company’s your interested in', ""I don't think there's any one answer, especially without knowing what your background looks like, nor elaborating what function you want to be doing once you get into fintech.\n\nCFA certification (or progress towards the CFA) is great for getting your foot in the door for asset management (i.e. buy side), and perhaps investment research.\n\nFor blockchain and Web3, the CFA will range from being completely unrelated and/or unnecessary, or tangential. \n\nI think if you shared your background, and what you hope to be doing in fintech, you may get better feedback."", ""Honestly, I've worked at three of the biggest fintechs and it all started when I took a job as a phone agent at one. At all three companies, internal promotions were the main avenue for most upper level positions.\n\nFor what it's worth, I was a phone agent for about nine months before they started giving me more advanced tasks then moved me up into team management. After two and a half years (making good money) I was able to train myself into positions in Compliancr, Data and Infosec."", ""Without knowing your specifics, I doubt CFA helps you that much in fintech. More of a traditional finance thing.\n\nAnd it depends on what type of role you're looking for. Are you a software engineer? Or are you just looking for a corporate finance position in fintech? Either way, CFA wouldn't typically help."", 'CFA and FinTech are two different tracks. \n\nWeb3 space is very technical, so you’d need to have an engineering background to break in there. \n\nThere’s also a good intersection in compliance for web3, blockchain and FinTechs in general. \n\nHappy to do 1:1 if you know what kind of career you’re aiming for.', 'I wanted to get into the block chain, Web 3.0 scene', 'I have added more information', 'I have made some edits', 'Thank you', ""Ok!\n\nJust to clarify, Web3 is not the same as blockchain, and Web3 and blockchain do not automatically mean fintech.\n\nSo it sounds like your situation is that you just graduated (limited work experience), and the options that you are exploring are:\n\n1. Obtain the CFA certification\n2. Get a masters degree (assuming not a comp-sci related degree)\n\nAt the end of the day, the ultimate decision is on you, but I would suggest forgoing both options and just pursuing an internship with a local fintech firm. There are a good number of fintech start-ups in Pakistan (though they may not be Web3 or blockchain related). I think that will give you enough insight to make a more informed decision. \n\nSpecific to Web3 and blockchain - it seems like there are not a lot of companies in Pakistan working on Web3 or blockchain. An alternative would be to get into a masters degree as an excuse to move to the US/Europe (or any other country with more companies focused on Web3/blockchain), and network your way in. u/JeremyBluejeans made a great point - the key is to help out where ever they need help, to get your foot in the door. The Web3 space is moving so quickly, that even as an unpaid intern (worst case scenario), you'll get valuable experience that you can use to make moves.""]"
