0
Is open banking the ultimate solution for the global unbanked population?
2022-01-26 05:35:52
"Hi guys, as the question suggests, I'm interested in doing a thesis on this area where I touch on the economic opportunity of deFi and open banking for the unbanked population. What are your thoughts on this? 

Any idea as to how to proceed with the structure of my thesis if this is a suitable topic?

thanks in advance"
"[""I came from the other post. Felt it's better to reply here.\n\nI believe open banking will definitely help the unbanked. With open banking becoming more mainstream, fees are much lower, opening a bank account simpler than before thanks to innovative new companies (neobanks among them) providing ways to do so.\n\nMany solutions wouldn't have been easily executed with the absence of open banking. \n\nCrypto also has a major role to play in the future, but considering the trend it's at, it might take way longer. People currently are considering crypto as sort of investment and not a utility that helps to pay the bills and a method to transact with one another."", 'The problem is way more systemic than technology-wise. I’ve been working in the past few months in a startup to accelerate financial inclusion in emerging countries and can say that the main issue is lack of risk apetite from regulators to incentivize competition among incumbent banks and challenger fintechs. Hence, with only a few incumbent players on the market, it’s hard to promote innovation for new solutions that will promote financial inclusion.\n\nOn a side note, some regulators tend to be negatively biased to new technologies. BCEAO from Senegal is a clear example, which the government publicly says that the main reason they can’t accept stablecoins as a legal tender is because these assets (i) can not be audited, (ii) are not pegged 100% to a liquid asset, (iii) lack KYC/AML enforcement. BCEAO made this statement only assessing Facebook’s Libra project but ignoring all the other stablecoins projects.', ""No. Open Banking is not a solution for the unbanked, because they need a bank account in the first place. Crypto is. It's permissionless and trustless, requires no gate keepers such as banks."", 'Yes isn’t this a long standing issue? Decentralization is where it’s at.', 'Wouldn’t you still need to do things like kyc taxes and other regulatory items? Also I am not sure how well crypto would work as there needs to be infrastructure in place to get their pay check in there. They would also need to figure out a way to use crypto in the real world to buy things at stores.', 'Agree.', 'Yes. IMO this is an advanced 1st world solution applied to 3rd world countries. It would take considerable amount of time getting the right education about it, which is of course going to happen in the long run but maybe not so in the short term.', ""They are unbanked. Banks won't have them, because they can't pass KYC. KYC is not the answer in that case, is it? Crypto is fully traceable, it's using public ledgers with cryptographically ensured integrity. You can trace who is paying who and compute taxes due. The tax authorities then need to decide if they are going to work with financial regulators and ask them to regulate exchanges where crypto can be sold for fiat. Or maybe tax authorities decide to accept taxes in crypto? Both solutions normalize and decriminalise people using crypto."", 'I was thinking more in countries like the us where you need to know your customer before opening up an account for someone. Now a lot of crypto wallets require this onboarding as well.', 'All of this is happening already.']"
