0
Certification
2022-01-27 05:42:49
"I’m doing my bachelors in finance and I’m currently interested in fintech in a general way. I don’t know much about it but I sure do know I’m interested in crypto, metaverse and NFTs. What is the best prestigious certification that I can get to help me achieve a career in the fintech world."
"['Honestly it would make more sense to get experience with a company than just try to get a certification first. a good company would train you and pay for any certification you need. A beginning role would be a business development representative or something similar, its a sales oriented position', ""I don't believe a certification would do anything. In my role I hire people to develop strategies about the exact topics and more that you're referring to. I have no idea what certifications are out there and would not really pay attention to one that showed up on a resume. I really don't look at the education section and if I do really the only thing that stands out is an MBA. When it comes to emerging trends, strategy, etc. the saying those who do, do, those who don't, teach, really is true. I'm not sure where you could go to learn about anything meaningful in terms of a course. You'd be better off getting a business dev or analyst role in the field and just consume data."", 'Agree. Learn from a company, Fintech continues to grow so certification may only cover a small part of the industry.', 'You don’t need a certificate. You need experience and/or enthusiasm.\n\nYes it helps to have some sort of degree, but ultimately there’s no piece of paper that could qualify you for what is essentially a very new sector.', 'In NFT and crypto space you portfolio and projects will say 1000x more than any certification.', ""I hear Jake Paul's stickdixs are hot right now in the industry.."", 'I understand but right now I need a way to deeply understand the field and prove to the employees that I do. I thought that a certification would do just this. Any tips?']"
