0
Fintech and its efficiency in Credit scoring
2022-01-30 12:42:08
What are the main drawbacks of Fintech in credit scoring over traditional credit scoring models? How can Fintech assure accuracy over other commonly used credit scoring models?
"['By finding a niche market. Credit scoring is fundamentally a process of relative comparison to a population. The more similar that population is (hence the niche market) and the better you can discriminate within it, the better your model is. \n\nFor example if your target market is young adults without children, and you build a model that discriminates very well in that population, it will be much stronger than say FICO in that population, because FICO scores a more varied population better but a sub sample population worse.', 'Most alternative data only adds marginal value and AI/ML driven models don’t do well when confronted with situations for which they weren’t trained (coronavirus being one such case).', ""I assume you're talking individuals and not corporates.\n\nIncumbents' models usually require a credit history of some sort, and calculating a score on new clients without a history is rudimentary at best (I guess part of the reason there are so many unbanked in the world).\n\nSome fintech have successfully been able to find new ways. I heard of such a fintech in India (I think). They based their credit scoring on customers' cell phone habits. Roughly, customers that place longer calls to few numbers (stability, family, social irl network) get a higher score than custumers that place shorter calls to many (constantly changing) numbers."", 'Thanks for the good question!\n\nIt is not always about accuracy but other factors may influence the decision on which model to use, for example, cost or lack of information. One drawback of social models in construct a scoring system is abusing privacy. For example, browsing habits can be correlated to financial behaviour (this automatically translates to larger and more numerous data meshes).\n\nThis is only one side of it. There are many other sides to it.']"
