0
What will kill a loan management software system business?
2022-02-02 18:53:17
"Hey everyone! 

We are evaluating an acquisition of a loan management software business. 

The software has been around for a few decades. Its clients are primarily incumbent savings and loans banks in Southern Europe. It focuses on consumer lending, car loans and a host of other lending activities. 

We are new to this software vertical and would be very grateful for strategic advice on the medium-term risks this business faces.

There is a lot of innovation happening in financial services. There is also a lot of talk happening about innovation in financial services. It is hard to distinguish between reality and wishful thinking.

**In the next 3 - 5 years, what do you think are the most significant risk factors and technological changes that can disrupt the business model of a loan management software system catering to traditional banks?** 

PS: we buy and grow mission-critical B2B SaaS in vertical markets. I am still figuring out if it makes sense to do this in public. If you are curious about our journey and interested in learning about acquiring and growing mission-critical B2B SaaS, let me know in the comments/DM. It will give me the nudge to figure out a way to share our journey publicly."
"[""All hands down it is data! \nI currently am working as a PM at a fintech lending startup and one of our major learnings are a bad loan management software will kill the entire business. \nFixing one loan will tear down ten other loans, it's like you're going one step forward and ten steps back. \n\nPlease make sure you have at least one fresh copy of your entire loan data somewhere which are not used for calculations. If you don't, then you can also use all the transactions made till date for an user and use them as loan data (considering it is a clean set of data and you're not performing loan calculations on them). ~~ This is a solution if you have a bad loan management software\n\nAlso you can shift to a snapshot based ledger mechanism, if you are looking for a more powerful means on handling multiple loans at once."", 'Loan management is just one of tens of other aspects requiring automation.\nA bank may want to get all their software from a single vendor. I personally see no future for a single product banking software company.\n\nYour best bet is getting it acquired by the likes of Temenos et al.', ""Not sure about Europe but experienced with some firms here in SEA including those large giants. \n\nBasically it's integration, function, replicability and support. \n\n The gist of a failed post acquisition was the basic good tech, good business case but they cannot integrate the tech with respect to their go to market strategy. \n\nEven when this small and medium size company try to provide a unique service, a larger company can undercut and tailor a unique offer from their suite and just take over. Making them redundant or simply a nice to have. \n\nBut for the loan management software, the additional problem lies with legal documents especially for defaulted loans. Unique cases is one thing but maintaining data integrity by these old officers removed any compelling reason to fully adopt this software."", 'Localisation is another massive requirement. The reality is also that there are types of lending - auto, building etc. Any bank wanting to do loans is going to want to understand how to handle collateral management, securitisation, integration with credit bureaux, kyc/aml, collections, interest calculations, fee calculations, rebates, coupons, cross-subsidisation from other parts of the business, captives, collections. All of which are heavily regulated on a country by country basis. And the big players in this space are getting cheaper - I’ve seen one big player in this space cut their SaaS prices by 60% over the last few years. There is an opportunity to capture an entire market, but any of the big players will simply out-compete, rather than buy a non-core or competing software asset.', 'Big players - Finastra, Temenos, Oracle, FIS. You also have the competition from Mambu, NCino and ThoughtMachine who are winning deals at all levels.', 'Late to the party here: ""..significant technological changes that can disrupt the business model of a loan management software catering to traditional banks"" will be \'Embedded Finance\'. The use case continues to grow & expand. I\'m seeing quite novel ways of loans being provided through this concept and it\'s quite convenient, JIT i.e. right at point of need, quick, seamless, sticky too to mention a few characteristics. Loan ticket size is where at the moment I see a limiting factor to traditional loan software like the one you\'re contemplating but embedded finance seems likely to impact everywhere as we go forward.', 'The company I am with builds custom LOB apps for industries that do not have an application already tailored for the industry.', ""Thanks, Aspos.   \n\n\nFully agreed that loan management is only one module that requires automation for a bank.  \n\n\nAt the same time:  \n\n\n(1) I can't seem to find one vendor that provides all the automation required by the bank. For example, Temenos doesn't provide loan management services. Have you seen any?  \n\n\n(2) Isn't the regulatory compliance needed for each product/service preventing a one-fit-all solution in each country? So you need local country specialisation for a module?   \n\n\n(3) What other single vendors besides Temenos are there?"", 'Thank you so much for the insight. 100% agreed on the localisation and regulatory compliance.   \n\n\n(1) What are the big players that you referring to?   \n\n\n(2) Can you share the example of the big player who cut their prices?', 'Is there a way to check on which core banking platform does a bank or financial institution run?', 'Thanks u/LakeHold! Very much appreciated.  \n\n\nCould you help elaborate on:  \n\n\n(1) What exactly is ""embedded finance""? Who are the parties involved?  \n\n\n(2) Do you have any stats on the growth of the use of embedded finance?', '(1) Oh, it does, and does well.\n\n(2) Yes, and major vendors approach it having several abstraction levels: one base module with the core logic + country-specific module + bank-specific module.\n\n(3) For EU it would be Temenos, Finastra, Infosys, Oracle, SAP, etc.', 'As part of your due diligence process I would suggest having a few major vendors present you their solution. Arrange a demo of each and you will have better picture of the of competitive landscape.', 'Not really, but you could check media coverage, what events they speak at, job ads to see what skills they want while hiring.', ""1. Embedded finance is when financial services are embedded within non-financial services. e.g. banking services within ridesharing apps or insurance services in the moment of an online e-commerce transaction. It provides non-financial organizations with an opportunity to seamlessly integrate payment, lending, and insurance, investment etc. into their products and services. Parties: I look @ it as 'collaboration'. Typical the party (A) providing the financial service ain't a traditional bank or financial Institution (FI) & the party (B) utilising the service is any non financial institution. Atimes there's a party (C) which offers (A) the liquidity to provide their service. C could be a traditional bank / FI, a big corp with a big balance sheet (Walmart, Amazon, some big Inc) or VC etc. funding.\n2. Do a search on this. It is growing rapidly. Lending/BNPL; Uber/Bolt offering their drivers Insurance or why not offer riders Lending/BNPL right from the app, read about a firm offering lending to the customer of Trades people in UK at point of purchase; seamless, CX off the charts, affordable, increased sales for Trades person. Walmart made 2 acquisitions of fintech startups - Even Responsible Finance & One Finance a neo bank - read up on their services. Direction of travel ----> Embedded is becoming interesting and it's easy to see why: increasing availability of financial services APIs, barrier-free integration to receive an additional revenue opportunity and develop a financial ecosystem that will potentially be beneficial to all parties involved, JIT offering to the customer, unit economics that makes sense in an ever increasingly expensive world etc etc etc; importantly a ready-made consumer ecosystem to plug into -  B2B2C"", '(1) Agreed with that approach to due diligence. My concern is that they would see through online checks that we are a technology holding company that buys software businesses and not a bank:)   \n\n\n(2) Are there due diligence service providers that could do such an analysis on our behalf?', 'Just find a friendly bank and ask them to arrange the demos (including a demo from the company you are actually assessing) so you could be a fly on the wall an dlisten in. The bank will ask all the right questions which will help you evaluating the solutions.']"
