0
Best Data Analysis Tool For Finance
2022-02-07 18:56:56
"Hello everyone!
For an up and coming financial business analyst, which programming language do you think I should focus on learning/practicing? R or Python?
I heard banks tend to prefer R but other than that I have no clue which one is more suitable for a financial quantitative analyst.

Side note: I am still pretty much a beginner in both of them, I did a few small projects on both and I don't mind learning either of them. It's just that I would rather focus my attention on only one prpgramming language, at least for now."
"['Optimally both, but if you’re going to do one at a time I’d suggest going and searching for job listings in the kind of job you want. For example, if you see most business analysts roles at banks require you to learn x skill, that’s the one you learn. Whichever one is most likely to get you a job you want. And since you’ve done projects in both you might as well put both on your resume. \n\nIf you’re not looking for a job figure out why you want to learn either programming language, what you end goal is(ex. Let’s say to build a stock trading bot), then just look up which language might be better for that.', ""Depends on your goals. You can totally tailor it for that one job you want at a perfect company and train yourself for their stack.\n\nI'd recommend to start with Python and improve your experience with math and models.\n\nR is good too, but it has more specific use cases compared to Python."", 'Thanks a lot for your reply! You make some excellent points I should really give some more thought to my end goal before making a decision and investing time into it', ""Thank you so much for your reply! I will do some more extensive research on companies that are hiring for the positions I'm looking for and see what they require/prefer and take it from there"", ""I would second Eugene's recommendation to focus on math.  Someone with a strong math background can easily pick up/learn high-level languages...their brain is already wired for it.  It doesn't work in reverse...just because you can 'code' doesn't mean you can pick up linear algebra, let alone stochastic calculus."", 'Sounds like a plan. DM’ed you.']"
