0
How can we create a more fun and engaged community to build a Fintech product?
2022-02-09 09:09:24
"Is there any way that we can combine social media and fintech? I feel like the current transaction experience is so boring. FinTech is cool but it's just ""digital banking"". I barely check these apps except when I need to transact.   


Most of the cash back/free account neo banks are certainly appealing but it isn't mind blowing.   


What if there was a fun way to connect with other users and build your wealth? Any ideas?"
"['Just gonna spitball here,\n\nIdea 1: The Social Bank. You don’t see each other’s account balance(obviously), but you do see each other’s score. You earn points by doing random good things(ex. Walk 5,000 steps in a day, buying healthy food, maybe even staying within/below budget each month, and more). Maybe you(the bank) makes a post everyday explaining how to earn points today(users can comment on the post). Points can be redeemed for things like a higher cash back % on a purchase, or a reduced interest rate(or taking a few dollars off a loan), increased APY on savings interest. \n\nIdea 2: a banking app that allows you to start groups in app(similar to Reddit) and make new friends. It works because you all already have something in common, you have the same bank and the same interest \n\nIdea 3: you get regular checkings and savings accounts, but there’s also a user decided investment fund. The users decide which stocks go into and out of the fund each month. You leave a comment section so people can have long DD discussions like they do here in investing subs. You can either use NLP to read user sentiment in the comments or just have them vote, or even display both metrics and have a “paper fund”, the users voted on stocks get picked for the live account, but we see what would’ve happened if we let an ai read the comments and pick for itself(if it performs well maybe it could be a fund too). Maybe if you pick a stock and it ends up getting voted on and performs well(during its month) you get redeemable points.', 'A Discord style of engagement where users could talk about investments etc, though easier send than done, probably would have to have admins.', 'thanks for sharing your thoughts. I truly enjoyed reading your ideas. I’ve thought some of it but honestly idea 2 is perhaps difficult to execute. \n\nFor idea 1, I definitely like the social point system. How do you think the economics will work? Do you think a subscription model will work for users? I don’t see how the fintech can be profitable over the long term. \n\nI had similar ideas as your idea 3. I personally don’t think there should even be a chequing account. Why do banks charge differently for two accounts? I know that savings account have more restrictions. \n\nRegarding an investment fund, I was thinking of a fund where users vote what they want to invest in and then can pool their funds to take a big position in a company. I am not sure what laws exist around that but it sounds fun. What’s your view on that? Totally agree with the point system there', 'Don’t you think discord could just do that? Idk if that’s unique but totally agree on the 1x1 engagement being a big driver', 'For idea 1. I think basically doing what chime does with kickbacks from transactions, maybe an in app budgeting system(you pay for monthly, but the budgeting thing is optional), if you extend some form of credit/loans you’d make money as well. And the rewards are points you earn in app and they could be cashed for money($1-$50, nothing crazy but definitely nice to earn free cash), prizes, lottery tickets(a lottery savings/bond is a great way to provide you liquidity in the short term and great interest rates for customers), maybe once a month you give away something like an iPad for a high amount of points(you don’t buy it unless someone actually gets it), and maybe like a free month of a subscription service(partner services would definitely pay to be on your platform), and I’m sure there’s a million more things that could be added or rotated in and out. \n\nIdea 2 I would agree would be difficult to execute, but I thought was an interesting idea nonetheless.\n\nIdea 3. You can do free checking and savings(technologically/economically speaking). I am also unsure of the laws around something like that, but I’d guess(due to the risk) it’d either be accredited investors only, or have restrictions for non-accredited investors(deposit limits for example). But the technology is definitely there, but the laws might be an obstacle.', ""Fair point, the 1x1 engagement yeah that's what I was going for. :)"", ""Great ideas! Love the iPad idea. I think subscription partner is also another approach - are you thinking Netflix, disney, spotify subscription? Perhaps a good avenue for them to acquire new customers or build customer loyalty. \n\nI am thinking of building a regular social media product with minimal features and then later convert my user base to launch a fintech product. Is that a bad idea? Goal is to keep the social media free and focus on creating a trusted fintech brand with users. \n\nHow do you think about building an MVP? I've recently hired a Russian/Ukraine based UX design company to work on the design process. They were relatively cheaper and definitely have a good grasp of design. I think I am happy with the agency thus far.   \nHowever, I am a little concerned about the development costs. They quoted US$50K+ for development. Do you suggest reaching out to agencies in India/Asia to build the prototype? My co-founder and I have a business background. We couldn't find any tech co-founder and not interested in giving the CTO/Co-founder title away easily."", 'I don’t think your idea is bad at all(I’d definitely be interested in using it), but one thing I’d worry about is your conversion rates. Most people tune out finance stuff because they don’t understand it. So if you were planning to add, for example, crypto to Instagram most of the people there wouldn’t want to touch it because they don’t understand how that stuff works. But maybe starting with tax help and then high yield savings, then maybe a retirement fund, and so on. Slowly helping customers get comfortable with these concepts.\n\n\nAs for the MVP, 50k is on the lower end based on what I’ve seen(admittedly I haven’t seen much though), but definitely shop around. You should definitely get a tech cofounder though, they will save you so much money. I understand not wanting to give that title away easily because that’s your equity your giving up, but you could also hire a consultant if you’re uncomfortable with giving up equity. I’d also be happy to point you in the direction of a business lawyer who might have some connections for you to utilize.']"
