0
Fintech salary compared?
2022-02-10 07:23:09
"Hi all,
I am a uk based student studying economics trying to decide what area to move into.
I was wondering for those in the Fintech industry how does the salary compare to other areas like ‘venture capital’ or ‘investment banking’.
Just to note I’m aware salary isn’t the most important thing, but I feel it would be foolish not to factor it into my decision.
Thanks!"
"[""Well I suggest taking a more long-term approach to career decisions.\n\nThus ask yourself where you want to be in a year, in five years and maybe ten years from now since each of these roles will give a very different skill set.\n\nThis said, most VC firms don't hire analysts straight out of undergrad, and the jobs that are available to undergrads aren't necessarily as glamorous as you'd expect. Often more like EA/PAs to the General Partners. Rather, the best way to get an analyst/associate role in VC is to have a preexisting relationship with one of the partners and the best way to do that again is by working at a technology company, doing good work, and getting noticed by the executives. Alternatively you can also go from IB to VC but that's slightly rarer and will be more the case with later-stage-focused VC funds or Tech PE firms.\n\nIB depends a bit in on the investment bank and group you join but generally you become a master in Excel and PPT. Client interaction gets more once you've proven yourself which will typically take some time. While financial modelling and pitch decks are important for startups most of the stuff you learn or do at an IB is more relevant to later-stage startups and corporates when you think of the exit ops.  \nOh and since you mentioned fintech... well if you want to get there than product management roles at a bank could provide you with the right exit ops depending on your final goal. \n\nYour experience and pay at a startup will vary dramatically depending on the stage of the fintech and role you join. Your final pay will also depend on whether the startup succeeds. Most fail so your equity (employee stock options) in the startup could become useless but if all goes well can also result in a nice payout. That said, also don't underestimate dilution and take things like vesting into account! It could be that you loose all or part of your equity when you leave the startup (same can also apply to some parts of IB bonuses by the way). The earlier you join a startup the more the experience will prepare you for starting your own venture down the road. The bigger question here is why they should hire you since an economist position at a fintech is rare. So make sure to really sell your transferable skills to them and convince them of your passion for what they are building. This said, what most need in the early stages are accountants (both types financial and managerial accountants) and hence a good understanding of GAAP will be a huge plus.\n\nAs an economist interested in fintech a further option could be a smaller algo fund. Again a very different experience which can open some nice career options since you'll develop a solid grasp of tech and finance topics while - depending on the fund - also getting to know some of the LPs. Culture-wise it's a lot more startup-ish than IB. Pay is above that of startups.\n\nAnother option could be to join a new spin-off at a corporate but well that really depends on where you want to take your career and the experience you make and gain can vary dramatically from spin-off to spin-off."", 'We’re working on making this information available in an aggregated and anonymous way right now. \n\nCurious what are your secondary metrics, after the salary? (Perks, PTO, Benefits, etc.)', 'Great points above.\n\nOne more thing to add, if you look to explore more options you should probably ask more targeted questions around r/FinancialCareers especially when it comes to IB, Funds, and corporate spin-offs.', 'Wow this was so informative. Thanks for this write up', 'Well I’ve heard working for more traditional firms like incumbent banks employee welfare isn’t necessarily their Highest priority.\nWhereas from my own research into working for fintechs, employment comes with a host of other perks and benefits. Some are even willing to support their employees while they’re doing things for charity or the community. Further, from what I’ve heard the work to life ratio is better in Fintech.\nThis is really why I asked the original question as it seems Fintechs would be nicer to work for, but I was wondering if it means a lower salary.', 'While big banks are tough (especially investment banking and on the institutional side), they also present tremendous growth opportunities and comp. But consumer, retail, and commercial banks don’t pay as well. \n\nFintechs definitely have better work life balance and while the good ones pay well that’s not broadly true either. \n\nOther things like involvement in the community etc. definitely varies and you can’t generalize.\n\nThe variable comp differential works differently in banks vs. FinTechs though. If you are joining a pre-IPO FinTech then obviously the biggest incentive is equity in exchange for a potential pop. But bear in mind this is essentially a gamble. \n\nIn banks (and public FinTechs), your bonus is usually significant and a combination of cash and equity, but this equity vests over time. \n\nAt the end of the day, there is no generic right answer. You’ll have to evaluate what’s right for you based on actual offers and career trajectory and your interest.', 'Thanks. This gives a better context to your question. You’re right with the results with your research. Perks and benefits are better. And if you’re looking at FinTech scale ups then TC is better too. \n\nAs I mentioned, we are currently working on this data, so I’ll keep you in the loop around next month once it’s public. \n\nLet me know if you’re eyeing a specific niche in FinTechs, like banking, insurtech, wealth, compliance, etc.']"
