0
Bank to Fintech; What’s a realistic pivot when you’re experienced
2022-02-11 15:33:54
"Banking to Tech/Fintech? Feeling paralyzed by opportunity

TLDR: I’ve worked my tail off for ten years to put myself in the exact position I’m in now but I feel a bit paralyzed by the opportunity and don’t know where to look.

I’ve been working at the same large US bank (think JPM, WF, BAML, GS etc.) for almost ten years (now 32 y/o). I started out in a pretty undesirable role and have continued to put myself in better and better opportunities every couple years, consistently getting promoted 1-2 years before any other peers. I always liked banking but knew that I eventually wanted something more entrepreneurial, whether that was investing or operational.

I have been on the typical banking career path until a coworker and I had an idea for a new fintech like business / product 2 years ago. Instead of quitting our jobs, we decided to pitch it internally to our business and corporate VC team as an idea that should be incubated and built internally. Without going in to our decision too much, we basically decided we weren’t ready to give up our banking comp for this idea. They agreed to fund it internally (partly because the idea and partly because of our internal reputations) and it’s been a whirlwind since then. I was able to lead a tech team to build the product, set up the acquisition strategy and marketing campaign with almost 0 relevant knowledge on what to do and no relevant experts around me to rely on. Now after just a short amount of trial and error, I’m viewed as a product and marketing expert which is unfortunately more of an indictment of what is around me at the company than anything about me.

We launched several months back and have had really good success so far. More importantly, I’ve learned that I absolutely love building, optimizing and marketing a product much more than banking (shocker).

When I originally envisioned where this could take me, I figured that if we had the success that we’re now having, making a move to tech would be easy but it’s such a foreign world to me I don’t even know where to start. Although I’m confident in my ability and my accomplishments, I don’t feel like I have the proper training or technical skills for any roles that would get me excited at one of the big tech or fintechs out there. Even more so I don’t even know how to figure out what jobs I should be looking at.

For a bunch of reasons, now is the time I feel like I should be thinking hard about how to leverage this recent success into my big career pivot but I don’t know where to start or how to create a more focused view on what I want.

Sorry this is a bit of a ramble and probably missing important details but any advice is incredibly appreciated."
"['Relatable story. But what is the question exactly?\n\nDo you want to build another startup? Use your past success as a reference? Want to raise some funds and spin off the existing one? Searching for a co-founder with tech skills?', 'As someone who went from a corporate banking-like, “stable” job into a Fintech at age 47, it was the best experience ever. Learned a bunch I never would have otherwise, met new people and opened new doors. As was already said… you can always go back to the banks as a safety net, and you become even more desirable with a fintech on the resume. I highly recommend it because you might never want to go back. 👍', ""The knowledge you've accumulated while working for large organizations will work for you, but the experience will work against you. You will have to unlearn a lot."", 'It sounds like you want to innovate, but don\'t have any ideas to launch anything now. Also, it\'s hard to give up your cushy salary.\n\nI had a similar experience (though for me, replace ""banking"" with ""hedge fund""). \n\nI\'d recommend the following options (not mutually exclusive):\n\n* Look into applying for Entrepreneur-in-Residence type roles. Basically, for six months, you\'re just sitting there coming up with, and researching new ideas. If the company likes one of them, then they\'ll back you. If not, then you\'re out of a job in six months. You\'ll be paid by the company, but the start-up won\'t be an internal launch like what you experienced, but rather a stand alone company with backing from the EIR sponsoring company (which could be a bank).\n* Use Linkedin and the Y-Combinator Co-Founder Matching Tool and Job Listing Page to connect with start-ups at various stages. Perhaps you join them full time and help them drive their growth, or perhaps you join on a part-time basis as an advisor. \n* Know what your personal expenses are, and given those expenses (be conservative with your estimates i.e. round up on everything), and given your savings, you will have an idea of your runway once you quit. That leads to the last point:\n* With your banking experience, you have several options as safety nets:\n   * Go back to school for your MBA (if you don\'t already have it). It\'ll give you 2 years to either join a start-up/fintech, or start one yourself (also with additional resources to help you with starting, and a candidate pool comprised of your classmates)\n   * Go back to banking. Not sure what exact function in banking you\'re in (sector coverage? M&A? ECM? DCM?) but you can always fill this gap in your resume with the advisory roles from the second point, do some travelling, and say that you tried the start-up route and decided it wasn\'t for you (regardless of whether this is true or not)\n   * Join a VC fund.', 'Lots of good thoughts on here already.  Personally I left a big law firm to go to a fintech (similar situation in that I was in a big, established, stable-income position and made the leap to a brand new startup).  I think the key is to identify what you want (and don\'t want) out of a move:\n\n* Want a fast-paced, freewheeling, entrepreneurial environment?  Gonna have to go to an earlier stage company (with lower comp/more risk).  Series C (and later) companies tend to feel more like ""traditional"" institutions, lots of layers of approvals, takes longer to launch new products etc.\n* Want stable and comfortable income?  Later-stage (late-B or C) companies will have longer runway and more money to pay you.  Earlier stage companies are going to have less cash to burn on salary, but might give more equity.  (See next bullet.)\n* Want a (potentially) massive upside?  Early stage is the way to go.  You won\'t get as much cash, but you\'ll get more equity, and at an exercise price that means the company doesn\'t have to do THAT well in order for you to have a nice payday.  Later stage companies will offer more cash, but the equity won\'t be as sweet (unless the company absolutely kills it and IPOs at a multi-billion valuation).\n\nDepending on what your specific background is, there are definitely companies who would appreciate your skillset.  Particularly later-stage companies often try to bring on more folks from established institutions, who can help the company as it matures.  Hope that helps.  I\'ve also been working in this environment for about 5 years, feel free to DM if you want to chat about anything!', 'While banking is a highly structured corporate environment with lots of protocol and organisational thinking, fintech is more entrepreunerial and innovative and market thinking. You will unlearn naturally and quickly to the beat of fintech.The biggest work IMO is all the innovative thinking or impulsive creativity and being and acting  highly sensitive in your responses to the market.This is the one you have to push yourself to become.In my business in Fintech, we have employed some who have come from banking or corporate.They underestimate the unlearning they will be doing and they overestimate their market intuitiveness and creativity on the job.Ultimately that determines their career success.', 'Crosspost to r/financialcareers', 'Great ideas in other comments. \n\nYour best option would be to join a VC fund and get exposed to funded scaleups in the FinTech vertical. \n\nYour expertise and network will provide enough value to make new connections and eventually pick size and market of a company you’d want to join, if not to build one. \n\nIf you pursue the latter, just know that going from 0 to 1 is very different from what it looks like in a corporate environment. The healthy mix would be building your own product within a GAAFA company, enough of safety net but also right tech rails to execute and fail until your MVP gets to work. \n\nHappy to chat 1:1', 'Yes I probably should’ve been more specific: \n\n\n1) I know I want / need to leave working at a bank. I’m not interested in trying to innovate from within.\n\n2) I’ve loved the entrepreneurial spirit of this new role but I’m not ready for the changes in lifestyle that a startup would require.\n\n3) We’ve begun moving down the spin off path already but it wouldn’t happen for at least a year. At this point I’d rather parlay the experience and success I’ve had in to a new opportunity instead of running the company post-spin. My partner is the one that likes to be in the spotlight and would be the ceo figure and I would be in a COO role in all likelihood which I’m fine with. But for a couple reasons I think it’s the right time to think about other options (apologies for being vague).\n\nConsidering all three of those considerations, I think the logical move is to think about mid sized to larger fintech or tech but don’t really know if my background would be desirable or a good fit. So my question is what opportunities could make sense in this world and does it require a meaningful step back.', ""So addressing 2. To be blunt, it does sound a little like there is some fear in that. It sounds like your knowledge, network (so key) and skillset is perfect to go out and start a killer FinTech. Raising money can be hell, but your background will open doors with decent VCs. You can get a pitch deck together and start pitching VCs before leaving the bank. Good teams can raise money with a good deck.  \n\n\nThe other, safer, option is to jump on Crunchbase and look at all the Seed-Series A Fintechs that just raised and jump on board with a smaller firm with a fresh cash infusion. The risk is you won't end up in a C-suite type position/ will have to fight for it and with startups come big egos.  \n\n\nThe biggest hurdle for you is after 10 years you're likely used to a decent salary and some level of security and startups aren't that.  \n\n\nWorst case though, you leave work for 1-2 years, it doesn't work and you get a role at another bank. A small sacrifice now in the grand scheme and much harder at 45 or 50 when you'll likely have more commitments!  \n\n\nMore than happy to advise on pitch decks (I've seen about 1000 fintech decks.) Or send across some of the best (non public ones.)  \n\n\nGoodluck in your decision making!""]"
