0
Some questions about financial technology..
2022-02-12 12:20:55
"Excuse my limited knowledge on the subject. As of right now, I am by no means a professional in either computer science of finance.

After seeing a post on r/financialcareers earlier today, it got me thinking about financial technology as a whole, which is something that reportedly seems to be growing larger. Some of the comments on that post put an emphasis on the need to learn coding for finance jobs. What types of comfortable, high-paying fintech jobs are there? Maybe something to do with algotrading? and what form of academic degrees does one need to successfully break into the fin-tech world? Double majoring? How tough is it to break into? What jobs balance the two skills (comp sci and finance)?"
"['I can’t tell which jobs are best because I haven’t had one yet, but I’ve sent a lot of applications and the requirements are generally along the lines of a bachelors degree in CS or Math or another related degree or equivalent experience. You can get a job without a degree(that what everyone tells me at least). If you have projects on your GitHub that demonstrates your competency you should be good.\n\nSome of the technologies I see(and remember there’s all kinds of tools for all kinds of jobs) are Python/R, SQL(MySQL or Tableau), AWS, and machine learning. \n\nHaving financial knowledge is a huge plus and will definitely make things easier for you, but it’s not absolutely necessary to get a job. \n\nHope this helped X', 'I lead strategy for a fintech. I have an arts degree and code. Depends what role you want to fill.', 'I am an employer in the fintech space. Most of the candidates i hire have  basic degree in finance or programming but it is not why i hire them. We do lots of competency and compatability testing where a general interest and a trackrecord of success and experience in these areas are more highly evaluated than the degrees themselves.Hope that helps.', 'It did help! thanks for explaining!', 'Ah nice! Do you not have any finance-related degrees?', 'Oh okay thanks for explaining!', 'I work as a software engineer for a fintech focusing on fraud. Our data scientists have very comfortable jobs. \n\nAs milk said, any type of technical degree with help you get your foot in the door. Our data scientists have at least a masters degree. \n\nThe technologies he mentioned are spot on. I would add being comfortable with linux. That’s the biggest reason I’ve seen new hires not make the cut.', 'No, my degree is in poli sci. I entered through an entry level sales ops role and then climbed up to my current role. I think a finance degree can help obviously for the finance department, strategy roles and then maybe also product. However, a fintech usually makes technology for a financial purpose. If your a developer coding front end platforms, a finance degree isn\'t going to help you just like if your in marketing tech a marketing degree won\'t help you. So I really think it depends on what ""team"" within a fintech you want to be in.', 'Ah okay thank you for explaining!', 'Oh okay that makes sense. Thanks for explaining!']"
