0
"Fintech founders and employees, how's the experience with your Banking provider been?"
2022-02-13 15:36:34
"   
From an outsider's view, it seems as though most Banking as a Service companies are smaller banks. With the explosive growth neobanks and fintechs have seen, is the developer experience and general support been well handled by the BaaS banks? If not, what are some things you'd like to see improved here? Curious to hear if this contributes to a bottleneck in any capacity"
"[""In the last 30 days, my business partner and I have interviewed most of the big BaaS guys and what we found is that they are ALL slightly unique. We would NOT rely on a small bank to handle anything tech-wise. Our goal was to find a BaaS with multiple bank charters and the best APIs for integration... Here's our ranked list:\n\n1. Synctera\n2. Galileo\n3. Treasury Prime\n4. Unit\n5. SynapseFi\n\nHappy to help share any of the wins/losses faced along the way!"", ""All of the BaaS banks are smaller for a reason (Durbin-exempt). The APIs aren't really determined by the banks themselves though, they almost always have another company that builds the API on top of them so the bank itself is essentially licensing its FDIC membership."", 'We used ModernTreasury (API layer) and increase.com (bank). Increase sucked big time - I wouldn’t work with them again and we’re actively trying to switch.  ModernTreasury, however, has been amazing.', 'Two of the three fintechs I worked at from ground up used WebBank. In both instances it was just fine, they were generally very hands off and I only really ever saw them when they wanted to take a paid vacation to San Francisco inder the guise of checking in on us...', 'Why Galileo is so high on your list?', 'These are not bank partners. These are BaaS platforms.', ""Interesting... Couldn't the bigger banks charge a greater subscription fee to workaround the Durbin caps on interchange? Sorry if this is a naive question lol, new to the fintech space. I also wonder if the outsourced API model causes more friction to handle issues/ provide support for the front-end neobanks"", 'Would you be able to share what exactly the pain point is? (downtime, support issues, etc)?', 'Just because they have been around for so long and have some of the most successful Fintechs on their platform.', 'Precisely what I said above. These were our top BaaS platforms in order.', ""If the banks could build their own the definitely would, but they're just not capable for one reason or another (can't attract the talent, no appetite for risk/speed, etc.). Further reading: https://bam.kalzumeus.com/"", 'Ridiculous compliance requirements even for a BaaS, virtual account FBO stuff didn’t work very well (we had accounts that didn’t spin up so we got bouncing wires)', 'but they asked for banking!   \n\n\n:)', 'I think they were just hoping to gain clarity. To us, defining BaaS providers separate from Banks will help folks that are in the same position.\n\nEvery Bank Sponsor seems to have a BaaS in the middle for the relationship.\n\nI’ll try to get this list update with BaaS providers to help clarify for everyone: https://www.notion.so/ad1f0ccd61bb47a78d143f0b1624e752?v=5eb7285b64534fbea59eb314c0a8d49a']"
