0
Looking for open banking API provider for credit card payments
2022-02-16 06:15:18
"Hey there, I needed an app or tool which can help me use my credit card as debit. Meaning whenever i make purchases it should consolidate the transactions daily and pay it off. There was debitize which for some reason was shut down. i wanted to develop it myself for fun. With teller api or plaid i could get the transactions but they don’t have a way to make payments to credit card. Teller has zelle integration to transfer money and that’s cool. But please let me know if there’s any such provider with credit card payment api. Thanks."
"['I think you’re in for a tough challenge. The reason why it takes 2-3 days to “settle” charges is because Legacy banking systems need to be able to check multiple DataBases with sometimes different vendors having a stake/control in the process. \n\nNot saying it wouldn’t be a good use of your time I’m just thinking the scope of this project would be small and I’m curious as to what your use case for this is?', 'You’re really just talking about building a credit card with the capability to make daily payments (from an approved funding account) for the amount of credit card transactions authorized/approved “yesterday”. I’d imagine you’d want the user to be able to set it up to do automatically, possibly with an override if they wanted to skip a day (although this brings up different scenarios). The idea I guess is that there is no statement balance at the end of the cycle to pay, and thus no risk of interest accruing. Higher interchange for the FI, potential rewards for the user, can help build credit for the user, but still have the underpinnings of a credit card.  You’d need to build the credit card first… the daily payment vehicle seems like the relatively easy part IMHO.', ""I'd use this as a consumer\n\nMaybe this doesn't exist because banks aren't motivated to willingly lower their chance of charging credit card interest?\n\nAt the very least, a feature to automatically pay off your balance at the end of the month would be convenient, but my large bank doesn't offer that. I'd be surprised if it's a technical limitation considering many banks offer scheduled and recurring payments."", 'Revolut', 'Check out Plastiq', 'yep that’s exactly what i’m looking for. Banks obviously wouldn’t wanna give that us an option. they’d want us to spend more on credit cards. Looks like it’s a dead end here', 'I guess I’m still missing the point. This is detached/decoupled from spending. It is more of a money management tool to help you (the consumer) avoid a bigger bill with a one-time payment at the end of the cycle. I think the only reason a bank wouldn’t want to do this is cost… ACH transfers from your checking to your credit card account are super cheap… but not free. They do cost the bank some money. The more of them there are, the more potential ACH fraud, errors that need correcting, Ops support, etc. If a bank did offer this, cardholders arguably MiGhT spend more on a credit card… but the uptick would have to be weighed against the cost. Plus, in the credit card space, the top 9 credit card issuers have a dominant marketshare (something like >85%), so its a tough space to crack… even for the +4000 US banks and credit unions, let alone fintech. Your idea has merit though, but it is more of a feature of a credit card than a product.', 'couldn’t agree more on the last statement that it should be a feature. when we can set autopay every month there could be an option to pay it daily as well. i didn’t think of the ACH charges incurred in transferring from checking to credit. i thought if it happens within a bank it should be free. That explains why it’s not a feature yet. i was just looking for a fun way to improve my coding skills. that’s pretty much it. was not planning to package it as product as such. thanks for the insights.']"
