0
We are building our own alternative exchange. What are our must haves?
2022-02-22 23:03:07
"We are in the process of building an exchange where you can rate companies’ impact via trading them. That is, we want to switch from analysts telling us which companies are “good” or “bad”, to traders buying the good ones and selling the baddies. Basically, we thus give people the opportunity to trade impact, not profits.

In your opinion: what are the must haves for such an exchange?"
"[""This sounds like a securities exchange which means a lot of regulations, filings and overhead. What's your plan for meeting regulations?"", 'Such an exchange should have its own cryptocurrency! Can you build an impact coin??', 'Wait, but how are you gonna make impact even tradeable?', ""Hi guys, is this project still going forward? Haven't heard from you in a while"", ""For the moment, the plan is to set up the exchange in two phases. In the first phase, we will only use our currency platform-internally. So there will be no way to trade in or out of the exchang. And you receive the currency and the impact certificates for activities on the platform. Like this, nobody can lose money and we can go easy on the regulation. Only in the second step - when the market is up and running well - we'll seek for more far-reaching regulation. Even then, we won't need a banking regulation or things like that."", 'We will have our own currency, yes. And it will be crypto-based, yes. But we are more interested in getting the market up and running than in being ""the next crypto thing"".', ""Wait, but how art thee gonna maketh impact coequal tradeable?\n\n***\n\n\n\n^(I am a bot and I swapp'd some of thy words with Shakespeare words.)\n\nCommands: `!ShakespeareInsult`, `!fordo`, `!optout`"", 'What we plan to do is to issue ""impact certificates"" for every company we list on our exchange. If you, as a user, think that the impact of that company is going to rise soon (say,  they are close to patenting a new malaria drug) you\'d want to buy their impact certificates as soon as possible. If you think their impact is going to fall (some sort of scandal?), you want to sell them as fast as possible. Like this, the price for our impact certificates is a measure for the company\'s impact.', ""Hey,\n\nthanks for asking :-D We're still going strong. Actually: stronger than ever ;-) We're live! If you want to join and revlutionize impact investing with us, here's the link: [echo-exchange.com](https://echo-exchange.com)"", 'So when will the coin be available? Are you going to call it impact coin?', 'I think you are in the wrong sub, Shakespeare-bot', ""But isn't that just another ESG-rating?"", 'That sounds thrilling! I just checked in and created my account!', 'We plan to make the coin freely tradeable by the end of 2022. While it technically may be called an impact coin, we probably gonna call it ""echoes"", for the name of the  exchange shall be ""Echo Impact Exchange"".', ""It's always good to have a bit of Shakespeare! :-)"", ""Well, no. For ESG-ratings are basically determined by analysts looking at old data. We don't think that makes for a good approach. We want to open impact ratings to everybody. And we want to so by letting people rate impact by trading impact. What this means is that everybody gets a say. And since people look ahead rather than to the past when making decisions to buy or sell impact certificates, this means we create forward-looking data."", ""That's what we want to see :-D Thanks for that. And good luck for the trading start on Monday!"", 'Thank you for this clarification. I see now why you think this is different from ESG ratings. When will it be possible to do this trading? Is it just an experiment?', ""We're still building our trading platform. So no, it's not just an experiment. But we're not good to go either. That's why we're actively searching for input. What is possible is to pre-register for beta-testing [here](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfAgbds72-UUigGhowNdUuacb0QlGk5Csq_wBtJP0SyJnhlHw/viewform?usp=sf_link). But it will be some time before that starts."", 'Sounds cool. Hope to see real trades soon! Thanks again!']"
