0
New stock market research tool looking for feedback and places to improve
2022-02-23 03:18:59
"Hi all,

We are [torto.ai](https://torto.ai) and we've built an end-to-end solution for stock market investors, guided by a personal AI assistant.

We strongly believe that our personal AI assistant allows investors to save time and spend it on easy portfolio management and decision-making instead of chasing after data in many apps for hours.

&#x200B;

We released our beta version and we are looking for early adopters to check our site and give us feedback and help us improve the solution for the investors' community.

&#x200B;

My co-founder and I are both programmers and have been retail investors for a few years, and we think that dealing with a lot of information and making data-driven decisions is hard work that can (and should) be simplified.

&#x200B;

As programmers, we wondered about creating a system that could help us all. With our solution, we aim to save the time people spend working hard on gaining insights. We think that every investor should have access to personalized insights and the ability to make data-driven decisions at ease. This is our opportunity to help the investors' community to focus on the more interesting parts of investments.

&#x200B;

We would love to hear your thoughts and feedback,

visit us at https://torto.ai  (best experience with desktop)"
"['Looks cool, do you have things like rank scores and a tool that looks at ratios such as P/E? Briefly looked, first impressions it looks user friendly. :)', ""Thanks for sharing, looking good!\n\nA lot of competitors in your field... what do you offer that is different from other solutions? I love the UX and design, but I guess that's not enough to draw investors from other platforms...\n\nGood luck with your venture!"", 'The UI needs to be improved', 'How is this ai? You’re just comparing stock data with another stock', '>Thanks! On the ""Discover"" page you can filter assets by many fundamental ratios such as P/E (we are looking for feedback and would love to hear what other filters you think we should add).  \n>  \n>Also the AI assistant (the floating turtle on the pages) is also giving insights based on those fundamental ratios and others', 'Thanks! We actually think our personalized AI assistant would help investors find insights that will help them save time and allow them to make better data-driven decisions regarding their investments', '> needs to be improved\n\nok thanks, what do you feel is not working? the dark mode? something else?', ""Hey, Thanks for your comment.\n\ntorto.ai is an end-to-end solution for stock market retail investors, guided by a personal AI assistant.\n\nThe idea behind our AI assistant is to profile you as an investor in a way that allows it to give you personalized insights regarding what you're currently doing in the system. That way, you can go through the process much faster and easier. Eventually, our goal is to allow you to get only the information that you need and help you decide (about a specific asset/comparison/your whole portfolio) with ease and without a lot of effort.\n\nWe are currently in beta and are constantly improving and tweaking our AI assistant. We are looking for feedback and places to improve. We would love to chat and hear what do you, as an investor, would want the system to do."", 'Oh right cool! Is it just equities or will you be adding other assets for investors to research such as funds and trusts?', ""Oh I see, haven't noticed the little turtle fella, interesting! Frankly, I've never seen such a feature on the other platforms. Still got work to do for sure, but looking promising. \n\nBest of luck!"", 'You didn’t answer my question lol', 'Currently we support stocks and ETFs but in the future we will add more types of assets', 'Thanks', 'The AI here is the personalization - identifying you and giving you the generated insights that fit your needs and interests', 'Great! Keep us posted about future updates and good luck! :)', 'Thanks!']"
