0
Why Dubai is a booming hotspot for fintech startups
2022-02-23 21:20:58
""
"[""Well, also because it has the perception you're rubbing shoulders with some very rich and powerful people, and all you have to do is ignore the horrible human rights abuses! \n\nI mean, who cares about a little thing like *slavery* when there's money to be made?"", 'Is the answer slave labor?', ""Is it because it's a 0% tax moral vacuum full of the worst people and things in the world?"", 'haha honestly fuck dubai', ""Because it's filled with scammers?"", ""Fuck Dubai, it's an unsustainable shithole that has way too money and resources pumped into it. If being an environmental nightmare wasn't enough the government turns a blind eye to modern day slavery. \n\nThe people who go there on vacation are vacuous mugs with no moral who pay out the ass to pretend they're rich for a week."", 'Slave labor?', 'Is it just no regulation and neither no taxes?', 'A good read on the UAE :  on the darknet diaries website , episode 47 , project RAVEN ( a regular website on the regular web with stories about the darknet ) ( safe ) [https://darknetdiaries.com/episode/47/](https://darknetdiaries.com/episode/47/)', ""In surprised that this area is booming because the cost of living is so high. I've visited before, it's a nice place to visit but just so damn expensive. I wouldn't want to live there."", 'Who paid you to write this?', 'My friend Sara is there. She just started her own clothing company. She has made no mention of any growing Tech sector. But says a lot of young Europeans are there starting their own businesses.', 'Or they could stay in the Bay Area where there was 32x as much invested last year and they wouldn’t be stuck serving the much smaller MENA market.\n\nI suspect the real reason to start your fintech in MENA will be one of two things:\n* there’s less oversight\n* there’s less competition for the little funding available', 'Since it is a well planned city.', ""Can't wait to go in vacantion there"", 'So it’s just like going to an Ivy League university!', 'Its actually quite complicated. Modern slavery is not done by the goverment/ semi government  institutions. My dads works in one and they frequently have modules where they teach employees about it and about whistleblowing. The slavery is done by small private companies that go broke. I would say the most reasonable criticism to be made is that the goverment needs to take measures that ensure someone shouldnt be able to pour their life saving into a start-up and not have reserves to run it in loss, which is quite common during the first few years.', '[deleted]', 'While I don’t particularly like uae, you’re completely wrong about the country being unsustainable. Unlike the west which is still heavily reliant (and will remain) on fossil fuels, uae has actually realised that they need to diversify. Hence the whole tourism push, if they can’t make money off oil long term then they’ll make money off how good they’ve been able to make the country look. They’re also world leaders in sustainable energy development and technology. \n\nSay what you want about the slavery but one thing the uae has is good leadership. If Biden or trump was head of the uae theyd still be fishing villages right now lmao\n\nIt just comes across as you being jealous of the Arabs if I’m honest', 'The UAE is introducing business taxes very soon, and also the area that this article is talking about (DIFC) is heavily regulated and pretty follows UK laws', 'Is this sarcasm or have you not heard of the poop trucks?', 'It is though, because they are fully aware of the extent of the problem and conveniently dont put effective systems in place  to combat it. They might not run the show per se but they are complicit.', 'It’s as complicated as they need it to be to veil what they are doing.  Corporations are legal fictions intended to scatter and diffuse responsibility for slavery, other forms of worker exploitation, and financial crime.', ""You're not fooling anybody."", ""Anti-work leftist types lol, we're not against work, we're against having to work as much as our parents did and being able to afford absolutely nothing in comparison."", ""So you're okay with *literal slavery*? That's not something where you just draw a fucking line?"", 'Well the slave labor thing kinda rankles the bleeding hearts.  But hey, nice skyline', 'Dude if you think the UAE isn’t heavily reliant on fossil fuels then I’ve got a bridge to sell you.', ""Are you saying good leadership is the ability to do what they want?  Good leadership isn't the same as Strong leadership.\n\nIf they are such good leaders, why the do they allow slavery?   He'll why do they allow such terrible working conditions?"", 'So currently less or no business tax?  I am sure companies and corporations are happy to setup in a place with lower taxes for them and just as happy to move on when those taxes go up.', 'Has to be sarcastic right?  There has been plenty of articles about how the planned nature of the area is unsustainable OR fell into the same planning mistakes that other modern cities have faced.', 'Thats a building, not the city.', 'People who lie themselves have trust issues.', 'I’ll never understand why conservatives are not only just ok with labor unions that only negotiate against the tax payers but fully support them. For example police unions. Collective bargaining for anyone else? Commies!', '^More than our parents did.^\n\nI got a buddy making like 175-250k. \n\nHe just bought a house that needed a ton of work, isn’t in a super desirable neighborhood (not undesirable just far from the city center) and would have never ever been able to buy it without massive help from his parents, namely being able to live at home while it was being renovated for over a year. (They also helped him avoid debt)\n\nHis parents were a fire fighter and a teacher.', 'Wtf ofc they are. Do you want a few gold stars for detective Sherlock over here.\n\nThey are world leaders in sustainable energy development. \n\nLearn to read and you might save yourself that bridge', 'Currently there are no corporate taxes. The only official tax you experience in the UAE is VAT. \n\nCorporate tax will be introduced that will be 9% if revenue or profit (I can’t remember which specifically) is above AED 375,000. Then a different rate which hasn’t been announced yet. This will come into affect in 2023. \n\nCertain business that are based in free zones (like DIFC) will have tax benefits, but it’s not clear exactly what at the moment.', 'Since when is the right the party of unions?', 'No I read what you said. You criticise an increasingly diversified West, whilst heralding a UAE that frankly without fossil fuels is nothing.', 'So an article about the current booming nature of the UAE tech sector happened with no taxes.  Future taxes are coming and tech companies are fairly easy to relocate, so we will see how big a factor taxes are.', 'Seem pretty supportive of police unions….', 'True. I think companies are definitely worried about taxes. But, most of these big ones based in free zones will get pretty good benefits though because Dubai can’t afford to lose them.', 'Well the police are class traitors so it makes sense.', 'You are mistaken.  Supportive of police.  \n\nPublic unions should be illegal', 'I don’t see the difference. You’re siding with members of the strongest labor union in the country. It’s fucking hypocrisy']"
