0
Is anyone else having issues with Plaid? Thinking of switching to Yodlee.
2022-02-25 15:28:32
"I own two SaaS companies. One is about 2 years old, the other, we recently launched and is about 6 months old. With my first SaaS app, I use Plaid to import users' transactions. Initially, I was really pleased with Plaid -- their support, their documentation, everything seemed really smooth.

For the newer SaaS company I started, I opted to use Plaid as well, because my first experience with them went really well. This time, however, I would be using their ""Investments"" API to link to user brokerage accounts (to import their stock holdings). This time around, **Plaid has been nothing but a nightmare.**

Some days, Plaid simply won't link to Robinhood, Fidelity, Vanguard, M1 Finance, etc randomly. If you wait a day or two and try again, magically it works. It's so incredibly sporadic.

The other problem we're having is that once a brokerage account actually links, for a majority of our users, Plaid won't update their holdings. If a user buys or sells a stock in their brokerage account, Plaid simply won't update the new holding in their JSON response that we pull. The stranger part, though, is if a user deletes the connection and re-established the connection fresh, their new holdings show up fine. It's incredibly frustrating.

When we email Plaid support, they quickly respond with, ""Yes, we know there's an issue, but we don't know when it'll be fixed."" It's been months and no change. Our support email queue is constantly full of ""My account isn't updating"" emails, and it's becoming very tiresome.

Is anyone else seeing these same issues with Plaid? I'd be curious to hear if anyone is NOT having these issues. It seems like there's problem after problem, with user's accounts constantly needing to be re-connected, failing connections, poor brokerage support, but worst of all -- brokerage accounts not updating. 

We're highly considering moving over to Yodlee to test them out as an alternative. Curious to hear people's insight with either platform and what they've found.

Thanks so much!"
"[""Well, friends -- I figured I'd post an update to this saga to hopefully help warn anyone else going down this path.\n\nYodlee has been just as big, if not bigger, nightmare than Plaid. We've had tickets open for months, trying to schedule calls and things, to see if we can get some issues resolved. M1 Finance has simply been out of commission for over a month now, and our users are \\*pissed\\*. Plaid had its own set of issues, but I think Yodlee is far worse, and far more expensive.\n\nWe're fighting with their legal team now, to try and get out of our year-long contract, because they haven't been able to deliver on their promises.\n\nLong story short -- I'd steer clear of Yodlee. Plaid has its own issues, but they're much better than Yodlee."", ""\\[I work at Plaid\\]. I'm sorry, that sounds extremely frustrating. One question -- if the issue is failed updates -- how long are you waiting for Investments updates? A big difference between Investments and other Plaid APIs is that Investments doesn't typically update intra-day, only once a day, after close of market. I think this is pretty standard across data providers (I see the same behavior on my BofA My Portfolio app, which I think is powered by Finicity). At the extreme, some of the biggest brokerages throttle access during market hours and/or won't let users link accounts during peak trading hours (!). If an institution has those limitations it will show up on its [institution status page](https://dashboard.plaid.com/activity/status/)."", 'Wow, good post', 'I won’t go aggregate because all these issues depends on the use case, your end users FI, and what you’re trying to accomplish. I know Plaid is super easy to integrate and then becomes a pain in the ass later - they have good marketing and a good mouse trap.', ""I tried using Plaid for my own social investing app - it was so bad that we decided to create our own [API](https://www.realizefi.com/).  \nWe take an entirely different approach by building direct integrations with brokerage APIs, which increases authentication success rates and allows us to produce more accurate, more frequent data. Our API automatically pulls a user's portfolio positions, order history, transactions, and historical performance either instantly or at a per-minute frequency, and we allow users to send orders to their brokerages.  \n\n\nHappy to walk you through it if you'd like."", 'Yodlee has its own issues but honestly it depends on the FI you’re having trouble with. Brokerages are notoriously tricky.', 'Another reason to try [http://realizefi.com/](http://realizefi.com/) ... real-time data pulls, reliable account connections, private slack connect channels where you can reach out team at any time :)', 'I feel that we\'re definitely being patient. I think our users are fine waiting 24-48 hours for their holdings to update. But many users have waited a week (and even longer), hoping that their investment holdings would update, and even still -- no luck. No joke, I had 20+ tickets open with Plaid regarding these non-updating accounts. All of which get responded to quickly, but say the same thing, ""We\'re aware of the issue. But we have no timeline yet as to when they\'ll be fixed."" We\'ve waited months, and we\'re quickly losing patience.', 'Wow! Very interesting! This may be an alternative we’ll have to look into. How many brokerages do you support, and what’s the cost?', 'Would you say Yodlee has fewer, the same, or more issues than Plaid?', 'Again, we would be interested. Just need to wait until you guys support more brokerages.', ""We currently support Robinhood, TD Ameritrade, Webull, and Alpaca. We tend to add new brokerages every 1-2 weeks.  \n\n\nWe return direct links to the institution's auth flows so you can plug us in for our supported brokerages -  some customer's have been doing this and keeping Plaid as a stop-gap for the brokerages we don't yet support.  \n\n\nWe charge a monthly $300 base fee which includes your first 300 brokerage accounts. From there we have graduated pricing per linked account that starts at $1 and decreases at certain levels of scale.  \n\n\nFeel free to email me at [sean@realizefi.com](mailto:sean@realizefi.com)!"", 'More.', 'I would say abt the same. Plaid’s integration is easier but they’re all scraping. It depends on their SLAs for fixing broken scrapers, and their migration process to open banking.', 'A lot of our customers use us as their primary API since we support the vast majority of brokerage accounts in the US, and keep Plaid as a stop-gap for the smaller brokerages that we still need to release. That being said, we are rapidly expanding our coverage!', 'It sounds really appealing. Unfortunately, we need access to more brokerages than that. SoFi, M1 Finance, Wells Fargo, Fidelity, Vanguard, Charles Schwab, Stash, Acorns, TradeStation, etc etc. We’re currently sitting around 5,000 users, and the demand is all across the board.\n\nFeel free to reach out if/when you support more brokerages.', 'After having made the switch over to Yodlee now from Plaid, I see Pros and Cons of both. It seems Yodlee has fewer problems pulling and updating brokerage data (in my opinion), but Plaid is better with transaction data.\n\nI think I prefer Plaids documentation and implementation better overall, but it could be that I’m just more familiar with it. I prefer their UI, debug tools, and support portal more as well. Yodlee seems lacking in this area.', 'Will do! Do you mind sending me an email so I can reach out when those brokerages are added?']"
