0
I cant find universities that offer a Fintech masters degree
2022-02-26 19:40:47
" Hello i hope you're all doing well. Iv'e had this problem recently where i try to find universities that offer a fintech masters degree but with 2 hours of research i only for Queens university offering it. Can anyone please help because im stuck here right now.

Thank you in advance"
"[""What is a fintech degree? Like what department are you looking to work in at a fintech? If it's in technology, get a computer science or engineering degree. If it's finance, get a finance degree. If it's strategy or product, get an MBA. If it's sales, also get an MBA.\n\nHowever, if I was giving real advice, I would say take whatever undergrad you have and apply to entry level roles in a fintech. Within a few years if you're good, you can climb. This is coming from a guy who's the head of product strategy at a fintech with a 3 year Arts degree."", 'Is location a limiting factor? If not: https://mfe.haas.berkeley.edu/', 'There are at least 2 unis in Singapore that offer masters degrees in Fintech. NUS and NTU', 'Brandeis, master in digital innovation for Fintech\n\nStanford also.', 'Not sure about fintech but there are few courses on MS in Financial Engineering from Berkley, Cornell, UCLA. Do check them out!', 'my background is in “fintech” before* it was even called fintech, we use to use call it payments technology.. ik not even that old, I was in it when paypal soared and I’m not near 40 yet.. to be very honest, any course that offers you a degree in fintech I would say is money grabbing for the hype, the recent years of tech and business advances have shown that “fintech” had much room to grow in new advances in tech and even their SOPs, DD and KYC\n\nIf you are passionate (as I am), get a masters in governance and finance, while you get experience in any fintech company.. no fintech can survive without governance and the laws are still being written, if you get well versed and experienced enough, you could end up making the regulations', 'While those fintech programs are nice and certainly offer some value the real question you should ask yourself is where you want to be after graduating, in five years thereafter and maybe in ten years.\n\nThen decide accordingly as some of these programs tend to focus more on the tech side, others on financial structuring and again others pretend to prepare for management positions in fintech.\n\nDon\'t trust the latter too much because to get into these higher up position you must prove yourself in the field first (so you better have a solid grounding in the subject area you enter a fintech or financial services company in... i.e. tech, marketing, finance, etc,) and by the time you are ready to step up into such a broader role a lot of things will have evolved and hence the value the degree can provide compared to a traditional MBA is limited.\n\nSo focus on the tech or finance-heavy ones rather than the ""super-broad managerial ones"". Legal studies are of growing importance as well  given that fintech will likely be more regulated in the future.\n\nIf you can handle it I hence suggest a double-degree program like MSc in Quant Finance + MSc in Tech or MBA (with finance major) + LLM or MBA + MSc. Tech.... or combing a Masters with a professional credential like MSc in Tech + CFA or MSc. Transformation Management + FRM....\n\nBut as said in the end it really depends on what you goals are.', 'I’m in Duke University’s FinTech Masters program. They also have in-person and online.', 'You may want to look at this\n\n[https://digitalfrontiersinstitute.org/](https://digitalfrontiersinstitute.org/)', 'People who understand Fintech are working in the field, making money. I would be suspect of anyone teaching it. You’d be better off reading Fintech blogs, white papers and books on payments, etc.', 'https://studyonline.unsw.edu.au/ppc/financial-technology', 'don\'t fall for a degree in ""fintech"". opt for a finance degree or just read a ton online and get active in the fintech community. You will learn more online than anywhere else. If you relaly want a classroom experience try coursera.   \n\n\nTry this as a starter: https://notafintech.company/', ""What sort of Fin Tech do you want to get into, and why? What are you hoping to achieve? I've found that self-learning online has been much more helpful than any degree that I have earned through university. For a start, it will always be up-to-date. Secondly, you learn what you want to learn, and if you're smart enough you will also learn what you need to learn too.  Obviously, when it comes to jobs and real-world interactions, people are unlikely to accept an online course certificate so you have to think about what the entry-level requirements for a job you want are. But if it's just for getting better at a skill, you can learn online and you can learn for free."", ""I started my career 20 years ago in payments, back when it was looked down upon by virtually every other financial / banking sector.  The internet starts to mature and suddenly I'm working in Fintech and have been most of my whole career.  In my opinion looking for a Fintech degree is a mistake, as it will be a university jumping on the bandwagon and the lecturers will have probably never worked in that field, because if they had they'd still be doing it and earning substantially higher salaries.  There is also the risk that a degree with that name could make you look like a bit of a twit, because it is such a broad, huge industry you can't possibly cover it in a single degree - It would be a similar to saying you have a degree in 'The Internet', or 'The Weather' or something else so vague as to render your degree pointless.\n\nWhat I can say with confidence is there is a huge shortage of product managers and developers in Fintech at this point in time.  This may not be the case by the time you finish your degree.\n\nWhat I would do is think about whether you to get in to the industry via either the 'Fin' or the 'Tech' route. I got in via an Economics degree, but if you are technically minded that will probably make it even easier - include mobile / cell / smart phone technology in your studies and you are almost guaranteed a job. \n\nAs last thought, avoid the really big companies claiming to be Fintech firms.  Fintech is all about speed and innovation and the big guys just end up buying smaller tech companies they don't know how to manage, but still do it because their investors expect it."", 'The world is going to war and you are researching a university with Fintech degree?', 'Thanks for giving me hope man ! :D', 'btw I find it refreshing to see someone just wanting and interested in the space to operate in fintech rather than just it being a hit and run hype, PM me and I’ll be happy to share all my experiences', ""I'm at Fuqua myself! How's the Fintech program?"", 'I’m looking at it for jobs and real world interactions', 'Thank you very much for the information. I sent you a dm if you could kindly check that out']"
