0
Fintech Micro Loan App Startup Question
2022-02-28 03:53:27
"I was looking into starting one up to add to my current business since I already have a good customer base. I saw a few apps that operate as paycheck advance companies that give micro loans of $10 to $100 that must be paid by the next paycheck date. Now every state has different state statues such as minimum amounts, length minimums, % restrictions etc so how is it possible to run an app like this?   Are they operating under something else outside of a payday loan that allows them to bypass these regulations and offer loan small loans under $100? I see here in Texas loans are only regulated if they are over 10% and anything under is not regulated so that means no regulation or license required.  So I am thinking this is how these apps are operating.  I am new to this so anyone with insights or experience with this please chime in."
"['This was the LendUp model and I was the Compliance Manager there. I handled all our state licensing, exams and investigations. \n\nI can tell you, quick answer, it was complex. We had two licenses in most states, depending on requirements. I was fielding exam requests, followups, and licensing renewals almost nonstop.', 'Neobanks like Chime, Dave, MoneyLion, etc. do not give out formal lines of credit / loans. The small dollar ($25-$250 generally) ""cash advances"" that they offer users are not reported to the credit bureaus, are not interest bearing, and therefore can be offered as a service vs. a loan to users, removing the state and national licensing restrictions. These companies monetize cash advances not from interest but from 1) subscriptions 2) instant delivery fees for the funds and 3) optional ""tips.""', 'most payday style fintechs earn money through ""tips"" or other service charges. CFPB will come for these eventually. the default rates simply don\'t line up with charging a normal APR for such a small window. it would be best to combine these with other products. It is incredibly difficult to make this the core of your business.', ""You're thinking of a (BNPL) Buy Now Pay Later I believe. Services like Affirm & Sezzle."", 'just as a heads up, lendup was shut down for failing basically every compliance reg.', ""Sorry, to add to answer your direct question, there was no trick to it. We had to keep multiple licenses and do all the required maintenance thereof. So, if you were looking for something easy as a side business, this is not it. You'd need at least 1 or 2 good Compliance guys, at least one lawyer focused on Legal and responding to subpoenas and customer issues, a couple people on customer response teams... you'd need strong data people to help you stay in conpliance with data retention requirements...\n\nAt minimum, a big upfront investment as well as ongoing costs and a small staff if you wanna do it proper."", 'Thanks for the information.  I know Lendup was only giving loans to a few certain states but how are apps like dave and others able to bypass that and give loans to any US resident?  The only difference i see is that they max their loan amounts under $300 and dont offer a variety of payback choices such as Lendup did which is propbably why licensing was required? \n\n&#x200B;\n\nFrom the website: Each Advance is repayable in one installment. We reserve the right to charge your Linked Account, debit card or Dave Banking Account for Advance repayment any time after the later of: (1) we see evidence of income (such as a paycheck) deposited into your Linked Account or Dave Banking Account, or (2) the pay back date selected by you through the Mobile App. However, Dave warrants that it has no legal or contractual claim against you based on a failure to repay an Advance, but Dave will not provide you further Advances while any amount remains unpaid under the Advance Service. With respect to a failure to repay an Advance, Dave warrants it will not engage in any debt collection activities, place the amount owed with or sell to a third party, or report you to a consumer reporting agency.\n\nSo it seems to me since they will not send to collections these are seen as advances and not loans meaning no licensing required?', 'ahh I see thanks for the info', 'no this would be more of a payday loan that gets paid back upon direct deposit sort of like the Dave app', 'Yeah, hence the past tense on my reply. I was just custodian on through the endtimes; once I was hired on the mistakes had already been made in years prior and most of our job on Compliance was scrambling to deal with it.', ""Well, I can't speak for Dave or others, but I was also at both LendingClub and Upgrade previously and there we avoided state by stae requirements by operating under the national license of our 'parent' bank, WebBank, out of Utah. Basically they let us 'borrow' their national license abilities for a share of profit."", 'Yeah unfortunately the CFPB saw lendup as a skin needed on the wall. No going back after the first findings', 'ah i see the guy below explained the dave model which makes sense now.', 'Yeah, it sucks to be out of the job now but it was good experience. So far, I goto to work at LendingClub pre-IPO and through that process, got to help build and launch Upgrade, and then I helped shut down operations for LendUp (and build/launch Ahead, before it was all over.)\n\nAh well, let me know if you hear of any openings :)', ""Hmm, yeah I see his explanation but it doesn't make sense (to me); if there were an option to do small loans without worrying about state-based regulations and license requirements I feel like assuredly the legal team at LendUp would have explored it, as our loans started at $100 and we charged no interest on our 'payday' loans. Most of the licenses I had to manage were specifically called 'payday' or 'small dollar' loan licenses."", 'just found a good explanation [https://www.nerdwallet.com/article/loans/personal-loans/loan-apps](https://www.nerdwallet.com/article/loans/personal-loans/loan-apps)\n\n it looks as if hes right the regulations dont apply because they charge a membership fee, tips or a fee to fast track the money.  So its basically like a loop hole around because even though they dont charge the APR% adds up to high percentages with fees even though they dont list it as an APR the user would have to manually figure that out on their own.  Its basically a service for the customers paycheck as an advance to their direct deposit. Very interesting. I would assume they need to factor in % percent amount of people that wont pay back against fees charged per user and crunch the numbers to see what will make it profitable. Think ill pass this by an attorney and get some more insight.', ""Yeah, we used to have an 'expedited funds' fee and also what was listed as a loan fee. No membership, just a flat fee per loan amount. Still makes me wonder since we were doing essentially the same thing why we put up with all the state based scrutiny. Ultimately it was that and MLA issues with the CFPB that lead to the shutdown.""]"
