0
Feedback: Create trading strategies in 20 seconds or less
2022-03-12 05:16:24
"**Disclaimer: I am the founder of the this product and looking for feedback from the trading community.**

Hi r/fintech!

Our new product is a point and click trading strategy builder for both stocks and crypto. We built this to make the creation and testing of strategies as easy as possible - it takes 20 seconds to create a new strategy that runs across thousands of symbols. You can make rules based on fundamental data (price, volume, EPS, insider trades, etc) or technical indicators (SMA, RSI, MACD, etc).

We are launching in the next few weeks and are looking for feedback from anyone who trades once a day to once a month. Find out more at [https://rulesng.com](https://rulesng.com/) and sign up to the wait list, we will be releasing early access from next week.

If you have any feedback or questions, please feel free to message me, comment here or email at kyle@rulesng.com. Thanks!"
"['Wow! This is neat! Does this create a bot that does live trades for you as well, or is this more geared towards testing strategies more so than implementation? Either way it neat!', ""Let's say the average investor wants to invest $1000 per month, what can you deliver with rulesng right now or in the next 90 days, in terms of return? What have you done yourself with the product in terms of return? Something with dogfood. I think that is missing from the homepage."", 'Thanks for the feedback! Right now it just notifies you and keeps a record of all trades made. Next we’re implementing a full paper trading account, and then complete stock/crypto execution. So the primary purpose right now is to enable the easy testing strategies to see if they would have worked, and then if they work day to day.', ""Thanks for the question. Right now the user would make strategies and test them until they are happy with the results, so it's up to the quality of the user's strategy. In the coming months we'll be adding base strategies that users can copy and amend, as well as the ability to copy other user's strategies (if they've marked them public). \n\nThere have been some good trades I've made from my strategies even during this recent downturn, but again it's the user's strategy that makes the difference now."", 'Wow, that’s awesome! Best of luck to you!', 'Would be interested to see your personal strategies as well and a copy/paste button for this.', 'Thanks a lot! Also please feel free to share around to others who might be interested  :)', ""That's great feedback, and will definitely be integrating this soon. If you want to be kept in the loop please join the wait list - very keen to get feedback from as many people as possible.""]"
