0
Question: reactive website for mobile or app
2022-03-24 03:02:15
"Hi All,

I work for a bank in a junior role in head office. I was in a meeting today where.....let's say a healthy debate was taking place. The subject was should we build a web (mobile reactive) journey vs adding to our existing app for new to bank customer looking to apply for retail products. Instantly my brain said app (faster performance, device hardware integration, easier to personalise and clearer data.....possibility). I was then a tad surprised to hear someone say that customers will not download an app to apply for credit card and this will be a real blocker for us. 

So, the question to the community? 1. Is this really ture, people would prefer a Web based journey vs an app 2. What are the benefits of both? 3. Any other thoughts?"
"['I feel that type of pushback in going mobile is the exact reason we’re seeing banks to date focused on trying to partner/merge with fintechs than innovate themselves. (Not that this is a bad thing) However, too many banks are stuck using legacy processes / technologies and if we want to accelerate progress in the financial services ecosystem, more banks need to be open for change, especially when it’s around new and improved consumer experiences. So in short, I agree with you. \n\nPlus millennials are becoming one of the largest (if not already) generational groups in the world. Banks need to start looking 5/10/15/20+ years ahead instead of being so focused on the now. No millennial wants to sit on a web app for consumer credit/lending products.', ""Base your decisions on evidence.\n\nOur thoughts are irrelevant, imho. Get data. There is research on this topic as well. So you don't even have to do this research yourself."", 'If it can be done as a webpage, do it web only. You can always embed it in your existing banking app.', ""I would definitely do it as a web app. We did it where I worked and the conversion rate was really good! Once they've got the product you can lead them down the installed app route, but honestly, progressive web apps are amazing."", 'Amazing insight thank you', 'Fair-point thx']"
