0
I run a small fintech startup and need to implement identity verification for KYC.
2022-03-25 02:41:51
Does anybody have experience with that? Recommendations?
"['I went through the process of speaking with, comparing, and selecting an identity verification service about two months ago. There a few different options: Onfido, Persona, Passbase, etc. Onfido was pretty good in their sales pitch, but have terrible reviews on trustpilot. We went with https://passbase.com and so far so good. Very easy to integrate, good documentation, and fully meets our needs. Good luck.', 'Check out sentilink, ekata and sardine', 'Define ""identity verification for KYC""', 'Alloy', 'Here’s a list of companies that do this for different scale and angle in FinTech space \n\nhttps://www.awesomefintech.com/category/digital-id-in-fintech/', 'Talk to Trulioo, they are the best. They work globally too.', ""There are different levels to ID verification, which can be achieved with a wide variety of solutions that bring varying levels of consumer friction to your process. \n\nThe solution(s) you choose ultimately depend on your need for a robust end-to-end solution (ID verification and / or initial + on-going authentication) for regulatory compliance, appetite for consumer friction, risk profile (are you loaning out large sums of money or are you just checking a regulatory compliance box?), and your overall unit economics. \n\nHaving worked for both TransUnion and Equifax, I've observed many FinTechs, startups and mature, using multiple solutions in a waterfall-like strategy, e.g., verify consumer ID -> verify device ID  to ensure that person A is really holding the device that is being used to access your service, etc. \n\nJust know that this process isn't a one-and-done. You will continue to refine your ID & fraud strategy as your startup matures and becomes popular, and as your acquisition channel mix and target customer segment evolves.  \n\nCheck out TransUnion's suite of solutions, as they are often used by many mature Fintechs."", 'Plaid is the. biggest player in town.', 'My company uses Socure. They’re great.', 'Metamap.com', 'How are you looking to identify them? Bank account ? Or actual ID documents ?', 'https://plaid.com/products/identity/', 'Sila API', 'You should definitely check out Middesk. They do that and more. We love them: https://www.middesk.com', 'What exactly are you building/how does money move on and off your platform?', '[removed]', 'Like MrBNPL mentioned above, it depends on use-case. Also what I didnt see mentioned above is that eventually, you may need to decide also based on your regulations. Some countries demand that online verification also includes a call with a person along side the whole document verifications etc', 'Plaid purchased Cognito recently which provides KYC and anti-money laundering capabilities and would be worth investigating further. Alloy is another one that I see used often in the industry especially when it pertains to opening accounts.', 'I have a development department at my enterprise that do that kind of job. Do you want my services..?', 'I use passbase for my fintech and want to switch. Their service would flag anyone with a common name for adverse media, support wasn’t very good, and machine vision for ID could be better.', 'Sorry linked to the address proof, but have a look around the website there is an ID&V solution as well']"
