0
I’m looking to offer cards to consumers and wondering what options are out there
2022-03-30 04:28:36
"I’m wanting to offer a card product that integrates with the budgeting platform I’m building.

I met with stripe treasury last week to discuss options but they are only offering services to b2b companies, and most of the platforms I’m finding are similar.

Talking to Lithic right now, hoping that will work out as privacy.com is consumer focused. 

But if we can’t work it out I’m wondering what other solutions are available"
"['Lithic is a great choice. As is Apto.', 'Is your goal to offer your own card product and collect interchange? Or to move money to existing cards and charge a fee? Or both', 'Are you wanting to build your own credit program? Or use an existing CCaaS? \n\nThere’s Deserve/Marqeta & Railsbank however you need to have some meaningful traction/capital to get their attention. \n\nThere is also a new player onbo.com that may be a good option however they’ve been getting lots of requests so they’ll likely be hard to get a hold of. \n\nIf you’re building the card program from scratch, it gets a bit more complicated but can maybe shoot you some info on that as well', 'Do you want credit or debit? Debit is really easy and there are a million providers. Credit not so much. If Credit, you either are forced to use Deserve (bleh) or go direct to Corecard or i2C', 'I haven’t seen apto yet, thanks!', 'The first would be excellent, but I wasn’t sure if that’s something that card issuers provide to the services utilizing them.', 'I’ve been flirting with the idea of debit cards, but the more I think about it I think a prepaid card might be a better way to go initially, I quite like this idea.', 'Well you can partner with a chartered bank and then issue cards/accounts for maximum interchange (difficult), use a Branch like provider (they offer shitty splits but easy to deploy).\nVisa has a program that will send money from any account to any card for about $.40 and have a whole arm dedicated to startups. \nMany many options out there though', 'If debt/prepaid is your direction. You can also talk to Treasury Prime. Since you’re not building a credit card product, there are countless of companies solving this need that you could reach out to.', 'I would go straight to Galileo, i2c, or corecard if you want to keep all of the economics. Or go to Cross River directly.', 'I’ll check out visa’s offerings, thanks for the tip']"
