0
Community Bank/CU Sales Cycle?
2022-03-30 17:45:04
"Hey Folks,   


Anyone gone through the sales process of partnering with a community bank or credit union? I hear it can be about two years.   


Interested to see if anyone here has insights into the process itself.  


Thanks in advance!"
"['It can take anywhere from 6months-3 years depending on how risk tolerant or forward thinking the organization is. We have to do our due diligence on your company to ensure your organization is secure for the data we may give you on our end users and that you are not likely to go bankrupt in the next 2 years if we deem you an essential vendor. Credit Unions are better at it than banks for consumer fintech solutions.\n\nIf you are looking for quick penetration, the sales can be shortened for a start-up trying to penetrate financial institutions by having one of our established partners resell your solution. It cuts down on due diligence substantially and there are a lot of folks out there that are willing to resell solutions. The check companies for sure. Allied Payments. Online Banking providers do a lot of reselling. Find your niche and a partner that you can compliment and add additional value to.', 'I honestly think it depends on how prepared you are and on the complexity of your product. If you have strong compliance backing, a great data-room, some funding, and a great team staying on top of communication with the bank, there’s no reason you can’t do secure a BIN sponsor in 3 months. \n\nIf you can afford to go through the due diligence process with multiple bank partners concurrently then you might even be able to play them against eachother / use fomo to get them going faster.\n\nLots of similarities to VC fundraising as well IMO. Having a good deck, selling them on the vision, telling a good story; all these things could help', 'This is interesting. What do you mean by ""resell your solution""?', 'Makes sense. 3 months sounds way too optimistic but I guess if you run that strategy it might work. Banks are risk averse so I imagine them staying at their default position rather than risk their entire reputation on a fintech. I would be happy if it were 3 months but not sure if I could swing that.', 'Just trying to give you hope! The Fintech community is stronger than ever. (Certain) Banks are starting to move quicker. You got this', 'I appreciate it a lot! Saw the whole thing with Cross River Bank today and that’s progress. Things are moving in the right direction!']"
