0
"If you are an early stage founder for a fintech, would you build your product from scratch or on top of existing tech (licensed/Open Source)? and why?"
2022-04-03 05:03:20
""
"[""That's a massive question with so many potential discussion threads. On one hand- it matters what you really want to do with your financial technology. \n\nIf you're trying to solve a problem that you see in a certain technical space, create that solution as a convenient fix to a persistent problem, and then sell your fintech as a solution for a quick merger and acquisition or buy out- then you're probably going to build on whatever tech stack is that your targeting. \n\nIf you're trying to develop something relatively new in scope or revolutionary in technology, you're probably going to build it from the ground up. \n\nAs an example that probably doesn't fall into either of those arenas- we're using DLT to fix payment problems on the Fiat side. So we have a modified technology, normally used for blockchain with cryptocurrency- but tweaked to be bank-compliant in each currency zone. So I'm trying to fix a problem in the old world with new technology. We built it from the ground up- is not a fork of any other protocol, it's completely proprietary and we have patents on the uniqueness of what we're doing. \n\nMy goal is not to be bought out, but everybody has a price. My goal is not necessarily to go solve every problem in the world with this new advanced database architecture- but the path of companies rarely follows the initial plan.\n\nLast-unrelated point- technologies are often times utilized and exploited by industries that need some of the features for a functional use case in an unrelated field. And that often times dictates the direction that that company goes in. \n\nNotice how Facebook started as a picture sharing platform- but now it's probably the number one database for facial recognition software for the FBI and CIA. It is also is a massive marketing aggregator for marketing companies and advertising companies around the world. So it started as one concept, but then mutated to whomever could utilize that text stack to solve their problem to further their interests.  And then FB followed the money - (boy did they ever) and expanded to dominate those associated spaces - and is now conquesting to control many other spaces as well."", 'Depends on what you are trying to achieve. I think building your core USP from scratch is a good idea while utilizing other existing rails for everything else. \n\nFor example, I recently led the development of a lending platform and we built our complete recurring payment infrastructure and underwriting from scratch since it was our USP but used a lot of other existing infrastructure for other things like payments, data handling, security, tokenization etc', 'Most MVPs are built on top of existing APIs and vendors. Once it’s validated you pick your USP and build it internally, that will enable your scale and reach as you grow your business.\n\nOpen source is okay, but it’s a niche approach, it won’t be possible to build your whole stack on OSS only software in FinTech. It might work better for DeFi or Blockchain. At the end it worked only for minority of the companies. \n\nAs other mentioned here, the integration you pick will limit or enable your reach (network, partners, fees, data), so picking the right ones is crucial for your company. Also have a succession plan for the tech as you scale (up or down) is crucial as well.', 'Depends on how much working cap you have to innovate. If you’re a second or third time founder and can get at least a $10M term sheet, then yeah by all means roll your own. But the CAC is so high these days I would say build on existing APIs at least for MVP to get as quickly as possible to CAC because it’s going to inform your revenue model which - at this stage of the fintech lifecycle - is super tricky. Interchange rev shares eroding, deposit yields not quite high enough given Fed just starting to tighten. Then what do you have left - subscription revenue or DeFI staking yields. Either way you’re capped there so back the CAC out first is my honest opinion.', 'Hire the right architects to help you navigate that decision as it will need to be made over and over again for different aspects for the life of the company.', 'The answer to this depends on your product and what exists already and whether it has been commodified or building it represents a unique value proposition.', 'There is no direct answer. I’ve known quite a few people whose companies have failed in this space but they have sold for life changing amounts purely because of the infrastructure they built. That being said, there are some things you can’t build yourself in the amount of time that you probably have with a burn rate. \n\nFintech is expensive to build and launch, especially when you start running into banking Regs. I would recommend building everything you can without being stupid about it (don’t build a bank ledger haha). It is really hard to switch fintech infra providers once you get going, so take the time  and create the economics from day one that will propel you in the long run. Given this market, you should have been able to raise enough to afford that.', 'To be more specific lots of the fintech solutions out there bas it’s value from the power of the network they represent rather the underlying tech stack, payment providers, BNPL, open banking solutions and others.\nIn such context would building on top of existing tech to shorten time to market is a more solid approach than building from scratch?', 'No.', 'Yeah- building on a pre-existing text stack into a marketplace that is- in one example- rapidly expanding( like defi, web3, metaverse, or DAOs) Will certainly shorten your time to market because there are VCs and investment funds and players that are having a transition into those arenas that are specifically looking for companies that are solving the problems they have- so they would rather buy you than build it themselves.']"
