0
Would a Seller Financing facilitator app be regulated?
2022-04-11 11:28:06
"Hey there all. I'm thinking about starting a business with a friend to facilitate seller finance transactions. The business would be built on facilitating ACH transfers between individuals, aka the initial down payment and the monthly transfers.

He has more experience in the space and he thinks the business would require money transmitter licenses in each of the 50 states. I think that we likely wouldn't. Any of you all know off the top of your head?"
"[""Without more details this is can't be answered. Are you operating as an escrow agent? Performing underwriting? Creating the legal agreements? Facilitating transfer of chattel?\n\nAn end-to-end example of the process you intend to conduct would be helpful."", ""You should go to a fintech bank (Cross River for example) and use their Marketplace lending channel. Basically they make the loans and then sell them to you after 72 hours. This way you don't need lending licenses in each state. They do this for affirm, upstart, oportun, etc."", 'No, we will not be doing underwriting. We will supply stock legal agreements and a place to upload the final documents, but the legal agreement will be finalized between the individuals. We will facilitate the transferring of the down payment and the monthly fees though through some sort of integration with Stripe, etc. \n\nI don’t think we’ll need lots of the traditional pieces like transfer of chattel because we will only support seller financed transactions where the seller has an existing traditional mortgage with more than 20 years left on it. The existing mortgage will stay in place and the new buyer will simply assume payment of it in the original buyers name.\n\nAny other questions you need answered? We don’t know what we don’t know', ""If you are using a 3rd party payfac (like stripe, tabapay, dwolla, JPM, etc) and are not conducting underwriting or creating loans it is less likely that you would need to register for a lending or money transmitter license (since the payfac will have this). However, it sounds like you'll at least be acting as an escrow, when may have licensing requirements at state levels (and possibly federal if you were to work with federal related mortgages like).\n\nRE: the new buyer assuming payments in the existing mortgage holders name, that gives me a lot of pause due to potential title issues, whether this would constitute a sale vs rent-to-own, etc.\n\nMy advice is that you need to get a proper lawyer to work with around this- your situation is too complex and touches on multiple highly regulated areas (lending, housing, payfac). Personally, I recommend Mitchell-Sandler out of DC; they work with quite a few major FinTech startups."", 'That is so informative! Thank you!']"
