0
Why do Fintech firms need partner banks?
2022-04-20 03:06:03
"Hi All, I am trying to write a policy paper on reasons for a fintech needing a partner bank. I know one reason is the bank charters. What are some other reasons a fintech partners with a national bank? TIA!

Example: Chime partnering with Stride Bank."
"[""There are lots of reasons, depending on what the product is.  E.g., if Chime wants to offer deposit accounts--they won't be FDIC insured unless they partner with an FDIC-insured bank that actually holds the accounts.  Credit card fintechs (e.g. X1) - card networks like Visa and MC generally only let banks onto the network, so the fintech needs to partner with a bank to issue.  Online lenders (e.g. Upstart) - lending typically has lots of state-level laws that restrict APRs, amounts, loan agreement terms etc., which would be a pain to comply with.  But banks preempt most of those when they lend outside their home state, so it streamlines the operation.  So there are lots of different advantages to partnering with a bank depending on what the fintech wants to do."", 'Licensing is another one. For example: to send and receive money (especially internationally), firms have to gain money transmitter licenses at the federal and state levels. This is an onerous task and can take years and millions of dollars to accomplish, or you can find a sponsor bank and work under their umbrella. There are many small things that go into making this possible, but I am sharing a 10k feet view.', 'Anyone participating in the financial system needs to be regulated and funds needs to be secured in case of default.', 'Fintechs are not banks (unless you buy one like Lending Club or SoFi).\n\nMain reason is the charter. \n\nRegional banks are in a tough spot though so the risk is generally that they fold, get acquired, or get disrupted.', 'To do bank stuff. \n\nCheck out money transmitter licensing too.', ""Mostly because it's too hard to get Money Transmitter Licences. On average it takes 2 years and a couple of millions to be licensed in all states. So, most of them just go with the partner bank, and then later apply for the licenses (once they have enough funding).\n\nIf you need a list of fintech partners banks you can find it here: https://fintechwave.substack.com/p/how-to-launch-an-online-bank?s=w"", 'A lot of it is regulatory. If a fintech firm is going to refer to itself as a bank, or say it engages in “banking”, it must comply with U.S. banking laws. There was a lawsuit involving Chime and CA regulators because of this issue. \n\nAlso, the fintech firms and neobanks do not actually hold any customer funds, they hand them over to their FDIC insured parent company who will treat and audit the firm as a third-party vendor to the bank.', 'Check out Synchrony, the bank behind PayPal and tons of private label credit cards.', 'Disclaimer: I am a fintech enthusiast, I do not work in the industry so take my comment with a grain of salt\n\nYou have a lot of good answers here, I’d also like to add that these banks are already established as far as their ability to have thousands of accounts and their ability to offer many(highly regulated) services. For someone like Chime all they have to worry about is getting customers and making sure their app is awesome, which reduces startup time greatly and requires less funding(don’t need to worry about regulations as much because the bank has that handled). I know they still need compliance teams, but the business structure is still much leaner and much less capital intensive overall. \n\nHope this was helpful!', ""A fintech company needs a bank to process transactions, manage accounts, and more. The main thing that fintech does is take the problem of traditional finance and find a more profitable solution, then this solution can be integrated into a traditional institution to improve performance. In another case, a fintech company will have to create the entire banking infrastructure from scratch in order to realize its idea. It's difficult and expensive. A partnership with a bank is a point of growth for any fintech startup."", 'This is exactly what I was looking for and as I am writing my paper, I am focusing on strictly bank and fintech partnerships. Do you have some tips or links to resources that I can read up on to learn more?', '>those\n\nSo I have revisited this comment and am now thinking of another example you mentioned - upstart. So with Upstart, I see they partner with a nationally chartered bank like First National Bank of Omaha, can you explain why that bank would partner with that company and the roles that each of them play? It seems strange that they would partner with them as they have other partners and would be able to do the same? What role is key in this partnership to Upstart?', 'Checkout S-1 filings for fintech’s that recently IPO’d and you’ll get a wealth of information. Upstart is the one that immediately came to mind but there are a bunch and annual filings for more established fintech’s will also be useful. \n\nThese filings will highlight major risks to the company, and reliance and bank partnerships is typically listed where you’ll get a lot of detail.', 'Notafintech.company', 'Banks are bad at online/seamless customer acquisition.  Upstart is good at it.  Banks are bad at underwriting outside of traditional credit criteria.  Upstart is good at it.  So several reasons why banks would be interested in using Upstart to generate loans.  Upstart wants to make money, so they’ll partner with as many banks as possible.  Each bank has slightly different credit “boxes,” so they might use a combination of fintech partners to build their portfolio.  (Eg Upstart might target more thin-file/low-FICO customers, whereas Upgrade targets more prime/super prime customers).', 'Will do! Thanks for the tip.', ""Buy by targeting these low-FICO customers, aren't they just carrying more risk? Sorry for all rhe questions, just trying to comprehend it all.""]"
