0
What is the best degree to get into fintech?
2022-04-22 07:28:16
""
"['What’s better specializing in finance or technology? You won’t go wrong if you can do both. Beyond that, I don’t know how to discuss the nuances of each path.', 'There is a demand for data scientists in many fintech companies right now.', ""Do you have a specific job role in mind? Fintech isn't covered by any single degree. Like most industries, the companies that operate within them have a variety of roles. You can work at a fintech company as a software engineer, marketing coordinator, analyst, or janitor.\n\nIf you just like the industry and aren't sure about what you want yet, then you have some exploring to do.\n\nIn general though, it's less about the degree and more about the network, in my experience. Build and nourish your network towards fintechs."", 'Computer science', '[deleted]', ""It's 2022. Degrees are irrelevant."", 'What degree is good for someone who wants to be a FinTech Product Manager?', 'finance or software dev.   \n\n\nFinance to understand the concepts and get into product or strategy roles. Dev for everything else.', 'Liberal Arts', ""My goal is to build a fintech startup but im having trouble in choosing between getting a finance degree or a computer science degree. I like working with numbers but I'm not sure about coding since I just started recently to learn about coding.\n\nAbout specific job role, I don't have specific yet but I want the one who strategize and make/suggest decisions for the company"", 'Masters in what?', 'Definitely grab that CS/Data Science degree. The business and industry jargon will be obtained via experience.', ""The reality is none of that requires a degree. In fact it would likely be quicker for you to learn it on your own than going through 4 years at a university and doing various electives. Not dismissing college, but degrees tend to be more about holistic education than skills.\n\nAs for that role, you're not alone. Everyone wants to be the strategist and decision maker. They can be some of the most competitive. Those roles often go to those with a lot of experience and influence. The thought leaders and talking heads. One great way to start down that road is on the research side, through the likes of a consulting service or analyst group. It can be a bit of a grind but you learn a lot and get access to resources and data unavailable to most. Otherwise, it's working your way up in a line of business at a fintech company and eventually branching out."", 'PGA?']"
