0
Hello! I would like to create a digital bank for my startup but it has been very difficult to find a good dev or CTO for startup. Is there any place where I can find it? It’s very difficult to find someone like this but it is more difficult to find someone who would like to create a digital bank
2022-04-27 14:12:01
""
"['Where have you been looking for a CTO? What’s your digital bank’s differentiating feature from other banks ?', 'I work in a product development agency and we worked in the past with startup founders that were not technical people or did not had a \\`CTO onboard yet.   \nIn these cases we usually help with a product design workshop to create a very clear idea of the product or a proof of concept. These help in finding the right person for the CTO role or the right team to build the product you have in mind.  \nDid you took into consideration working with consultant or an agency?', 'Do you have contacts in the investor community? Have you pitched your idea to any investors yet? There are many ideas out in the Fintech space. Creating a digital bank is almost an assembly line operation now. Your past record of execution, experience in this domain and funding contacts will land you the proper resources you need.', ""If you don't have a CTO, you can simply hire a development team that has the expertise to create such solutions. Thus, you can entrust the technical part to professionals, while you yourself focus on business tasks. Let me know if you need contacts of reliable guys, I will be happy to share them."", 'I’ve tried to find a CTO on Y Combinator Co founder match and some other Co Founder Match Platform. Are u a truly fintech investor?', 'No, I didn’t. I already have the product design and I’m trying to build the product now. I’m honestly trying to raise money for doing the app because it is very difficult to bring my idea to reality without a little money(Not too much, I’m talking about $15k). About those startups that you worked, what did the founders do if they didn’t have money to develop the product? They went to investor with the product design or they try to build the MVP and then, they go to the investor?', 'I’ve tried to contact Y Combinator and Thiel Fellowship. What is the best community of investor I can join to see? To be honest, I only have the design of the fintech I would like to build and I don’t think go with the design is something good. I’m trying to at least build something like a MVP or something like that. I’m 22 years old and I honestly don’t have too much past records of execution, etc. The bank system is my country(Brazil) is very bad and a young man, I don’t think I gotta simple accept it if I can really change it', 'Investor and consultant. Did you just talk to the CTOs or give them your pitch?', 'We worked with startups in different investing stages.Some received funding with the product design in order to build the MVP and some others self sustained the expanses of the MVP and applied for a bigger funding round. I would encourage you to go to meetings with investors even if you have only the product design, or at least try to.', 'Yes, I do talked to some good CTO(I don’t know too much CTOs who can build a digital bank app). Most of them are working in others business as a CTO or as an employee… Still trying to find it but to be honest, I will go alone as a CEO until find a good CTO. I can’t stop because of it', 'I’m trying with Thiel Fellowship and Y Combinator. But where should I find investors? Is there any place you recommend?']"
