0
Bank Feeds Solution
2022-04-28 00:48:42
"We're in the process of creating a project management SAAS app and have plans to also create a bookkeeping app. 

We're new to fintech and am wondering what would be a good service (free or low cost) we can look into to implement bank feeds.

In the past we've used Xero, Wave Accounting and currently we use Zoho Books but none of these services ever had reliable bank feeds. I.e., every month or so we had to manually (and tediously) restore the feeds. 

I always wondered why bank feeds were never rock solid. Coincidently, Zoho Books is currently migrating their bank feeds to another ""Open Banking Platform"".  I wonder which platform this is.

In any case, I just mention this because I'm hoping to find a reliable/stable solution for implementing bank feeds into our application.

We have little knowledge in this matter so apologies ahead of time if I come across as ignorant in the subject.

TIA for any insight!"
"['IAV and AGG are never ""free"" but the best low cost solution (depending on your region) would be Plaid. It\'s easiest to implement and cheapest. Direct feeds are ""free"" but, you\'d need to separately ""link"" every bank...and that (with the THOUSANDS of banks and credit unions out there) is just not scalable...  IMO', ""So you sent me on a little quest to inform myself on what IAV (Instant Account Verification) and AGG (Account Aggregation) are. I can see how IAV is something I'd need to consider but I'm not sure why I'd need to worry about AGG.\n\nI also see your point that with Plaid we'd have to link every available banking institution (that our would-be subscribers bank with). That said, how do other —perhaps more costly— solutions do it? \n\nThank you for your reply."", 'Go with MX not Plaid. MX has better business data capabilities from bank feeds than Plaid and the connections keep much better. \n\nI do not think there is a better option at this point. Aggregators are necessary but they do not solve the problems of the full relationship of the end user or the entities tied to a business. I can see where money is coming from and going to which can help me understand the end users bank accounts better. \n\nNot to deter you, but there are some bookkeeping apps in the space already with value add. upswot, codat, boss insights, and some CFO-as-a-service apps.']"
