0
Anyone seen the “new” pay ring?
2022-04-28 02:50:07
""
"['Been around in Europe for a while now. Is a handy way way pay until SCA is triggered and since with this type of device there is no means to provide additional cardholder authentication, you ultimately end up having to insert the physical card and provide your PIN.', 'Personally, find this quite useless.\nNothing groundbreaking nor necessary.', 'I know these already exist in Europe and maybe other places but they just became available in the US this month!', 'You mean NFC rings which have been available for years and years now?', ""That's cool. Where did you get it? Was it easy to set up your payment method to link with it?"", 'It’s not like he has an Apple Watch…', ""Two cases:\n\n1.\tEither he uses a ring that can be easily scammed just by stealing it, forgetting the ring somewhere or simply running behind his back an NFC device and paying with it without authentication\n2.\tor he uses his apple watch for authentication anyway so why use the ring in the first place?\n\nI'm sorry but It's a gimmick. \n\nIf it does not even need authentication, it makes it a very unsafe gimmick. \n\nIf it does need authentication from a separate NFC device anyways, then it makes it a useless gimmick."", 'I’ve used it several times without having to use my card at all. Most times I use my PIN but not for this video', 'Useless? Debatable. I’ve found several uses for it. I don’t think it’s meant to be groundbreaking but it’s definitely convenient. And….undoubtedly cool to use.', 'These rings just became available in the US last month and that’s where I live. I know they were available outside of the US before now', 'I got it from Quontic bank. It’s free when you open up an account with them on their website', 'Much easier and faster and cooler!', ""Ultimately it depends on whether the device and authorisation host at the backend have SCA up and running. And of course the way SCA works you'd have to be doing 5+ transactions with it per day or doing a few high value transactions. \n\nIf I remember right they extended the deadline to have SCA in place so a lot of payment acceptors just don't yet support it."", 'Don’t understand why using your phone isn’t more convenient?\n\nA device, which is easier to keep hold of/lose. Also considering the awkward angle at which it has to be tapped at.3', ""Thanks! I'll look into them."", 'I’ve used my phone, watch and the ring. Ring is by far the easiest and fastest option. No buttons to push. Just make a fist. The only thing that could be easier is a hand wave', 'Would highly disagree! If you’re married you’ll be wearing a ring regardless. If you substitute it with this ring it’s now ones less thing you have to carry around. Additionally, if you’re in a crowded place or your phone is in a bag you don’t have to go in to dig and find it to pay since payment method is on your finger. Now I don’t know if this requires a phone to be present but if it’s not you could also leave your phone at home or if you go on a run without your phone and want to buy something after, you won’t need to carry your wallet or phone. Seems pretty convenient in my opinion. Now as I can tell by your comment, it’s not for everyone and that’s okay…', 'Not trying to inconvenience you here - just having a discussion about this. Most new phones have Face ID.\n\n\nWhat stops a stranger from stealing your ring and pressing?', 'Yeah, not for everyone.\n\nAs someone who doesn’t like or understand the need for smart watches, this seems just as uninteresting to me.\n\nYou made quite valid talking points and I can understand where this technology could be heading. Thank you for that!', 'I love the discussion! I’m not sure how someone could steal the ring off my hand but I understand the concern. I think them stealing my wallet (debit card) is more likely. Either way, I would deactivate it in the app the same way I would with a debit card. Having the PIN helps with that as well', 'I would find it quite difficult and it coming down to a fight and battle for that person trying to steal a ring from my hand… I don’t think I’ve seen much incidents where someone has stolen a ring off someone’s hand without them noticing it or there not being a battle between the two. Also as mentioned, easy fix, just disable the payment capabilities!', 'Yeah, it’s definitely not for everyone!', 'Yeah, fair enough. Did not consider that.\n\nAs mentioned in a previous comment of mine, I guess it’s all down to preference. Could be a common thing in the future - guess I’m just too old school!', 'Definitely comes down to preference!']"
