0
What do I major in college to work in this field in the future?
2022-05-05 23:12:19
"Hey r/fintech,

So I am a senior in high school right now and will be attending Rutgers University–New Brunswick coming this fall. Fintech seems to be a very interesting field to me as it is a combination of two of my passions– finance and technology. 

This may come across as a stupid question, but I can not find much information online in regards to what examples of some positions in this field are or what I would need to major in. It seems like you can be a blockchain software engineer for a financial company and that would require a computer science degree or on the other hand, you could do asset management for Google and that would require a major in finance. 

So can someone point me into the right path and explain what exactly I would need to major in/what major would be the most beneficial for me.

Thank you guys for your help!"
"['Major in Comp Sci with a minor or specialization in Info Systems and Business core concepts.  It has served me very well in various roles (developer, tech lead, architect) within Fintech in my 25+ year career.  Good luck!', 'macro economics', 'What are your skills already? What are you good at?', 'I majored in Criminology and psychology. So, different paths.', 'I majored in fintech🤣, which just take the courses in cs and business department', 'Drop out of college and get your HVAC cert...', 'Legal. Centered around cybersecurity, privacy or Blockchain.', 'Would a specialization in finance (accounting, corporate finance, etc.) be beneficial?', 'Why the negativity?', 'I definitely think so.  I had an MIS specialization and it was ok, but I kind of wish I would have taken more advanced Business and Finance courses.  CompSci + Finance would be a killer combo, especially if you are interested in Blockchain and DeFi. I’d also recommend as much writing and tech writing experience as you can get.  Strong writing and corporate communication skills are invaluable in the business world to win hearts and minds.', ""What's negative about what I shared? Lolz! You don't need to goto University to have a full, profitable and happy career... we need more HVAC people. Facts"", 'This is the subreddit for fintech careers', 'Lolz']"
