0
Neo Banks Vs. Traditional - why there is a gap
2022-05-10 01:20:25
"I have been using Revolute for a while now. and slowly I gain more and more confidence to do more complex banking activities there. I started thinking how come there is such a gap in services between regular banks and the Neo Bank sections?  Just read this analysis ([https://www.thehindubusinessline.com/blexplainer/explainer-neo-banks-vs-traditional-banking/article37801052.ece](https://www.thehindubusinessline.com/blexplainer/explainer-neo-banks-vs-traditional-banking/article37801052.ece)) 

My conclusion is that the only things that are missing in regular banking are customer support and banker that are 24x7 available to help you use the Apps they have developed. This is such a tiny process to build but for some reason non of the regular banks have made this leap of faith. They are still 20 years back with the promise of E-commerce just open a website and people will self serve."
"[""First, traditional banks are slow by default, imagine trying to explain some old executive spending millions on something new. Another thing is traditional banks are profitable - so there is no urgency for innovation. They don't care as long as the business is going well. \n\nOn the other side, neobanks cannot work without traditional banks (because most of them don't have banking licenses which are super complicated and expensive to get). I think there is only one neobank that is actually profitable. Others are years from making any profit."", ""Few points on this.\n\n1. Agree on the slow move Banks have mostly due to local regulations and governance. \n2. Banks are profitable but:  The cost of onboarding a new customer is between $100-$2000 depending on the territory, those customers used to have n LTV(lifetime value) that supported those costs but now since it is common to move (shorten lifetime) and to consume services in specialized banks (like a mortgage) the LTV has dropped massively. \n3. The innovation aspect is correct once the government protects your monopoly or cartel situation like in many countries it still does but a rise in global regulation (set by the US for example in 2000) and regional regulation (like the EU) weakens the hold of the customers by the ba... \n4. the point of the dependency of NEO banks on banks until they reach a certain size is totally correct, but that's a great way for the traditional banks to learn how to use it themselves."", ""I didn't know that onboarding new customer is so expensive until TD Bank offered me $600 to open account there :D"", 'exactly. But when they offer that remember they are making much more on you eventually']"
