0
SoFi’s Banking Product and Customer Service Processes are Broken
2022-05-12 21:22:53
""
"['Ever had trouble with other banks declining a relationship? No help, no details, no escalation sounds like it could be an AML, OFAC, Fraud etc. type of decline. These are often very vague by design.', ""I had this same problem when I tried to open an account. The super unhelpful response I got from support was 'try again in a month'. Even if I can get approved at some point in the future I don't know if I trust my money with a company that is incapable of finding a workaround for something so simple. I have (or have had) accounts with 15+ other banks/brokerages and never had such a stupid problem."", 'Exactly. This is a hit piece on SoFi without knowledge of laws or processes at Financial Institutions.\n\nTHIS IS WHY OUR HANDS ARE TIED ON INNOVATION. Everything from FCRA, OFAC, AML, BSA, CRA, and fiduciary responsibility, and legacy core systems built on 1970/80 tech.', ""I didn't mention this in the post (because I didn't know where to fit it), but I opened an account at Bread Savings just a few days ago. I had zero issues. \n\nYou are correct that I don't have any idea what that stuff is, but based on my experience, every single person said that their product is what was doing the job. Saying that the relationship was declined due to some fraud checking (or whatever) is a simple explanation. If that is the case, why tell me to reapply? It isn't going to make a difference, is it?\n\nEven if your theory is correct, the process was a mess from start to finish."", 'To be fair, if all this happened as described it is a pretty bad process. If they’re going to decline, that should be a very simple email/letter and a hard stop. OP isnt going to get answers, but at least they’ll know they’ve been rejected.', 'Hmmm I just brought this point up in another post. Especially as we head towards a recession, I think we’ll see more FinTech attacked as they aren’t up to the standards/rules of how regulatory/governance/compliance is supposed to be. FinTech companies will be hit hard as all of those projects aren’t fun/sexy but are required by law. Think about the CCPA (California consumer protection act) huge item that many companies scrambled to get done. \n\n\nI’ll also say isn’t Sofi obligated to provide a letter of adverse action? I’m surprised they aren’t sending those out. That might open them up to lawsuits as a result. Hopefully their governance folks are talking to their operations team.\n\nOverall I’m surprised they have all this $ being thrown in and simple things like this aren’t being addressed lol 😂 maybe they need to hire me']"
