0
Plaid responded to Stripe - are we entering a new innovation era?
2022-05-18 22:41:57
""
"['Here’s my take as a bystander in a closely related field (backend DB):\n1. It looks like there’s an industry trend towards platform companies taking on consistency issues and abstracting away concurrency and backend mgmt (Temporal, Convex, etc.)\n2. Plaid and Stripe are now increasingly entering fintech middleware - Eg making it much easier to build on aggregated bank data - and starting to innovate in those consistency areas. Eventually we might see partnerships that make it as easy as Front-end > Plaid/Stripe partnered with Convex/Temporal (that abstracts away AWS)\n3. There are some really exciting Kafka innovations (Only-Once by Confluent) — we might start seeing those spill over into fintech', 'Great post', 'The problem of screen-scraping has been around for 10+ Years.  Plaid can help solve this problem, and their Revenue is focused on charging the FinTech companies for access.  Other players, like Fiserv, will build a competing solution that is focused on empowering the community banks, and others like Akoya will focus on the larger national and regional banks.  At some point, the idea of removing screen-scraping, credential sharing and even passwords, will need to be regulated.  Just like the FFIEC forced MFA into existence, they will eventually need to weigh-in.  They will need to weigh-in more than they have, which was to force NACHA to say that micro-deposits for Account Verification is a burden on the system, especially with the growth of FinTech companies, and specifically with companies that are onboarding 1M+ End-Users a Month.  The Innovation that we are seeing is the infrastructure of banking and FinTech, that will bridge and serve them both.', 'Plaid is evil.  Why do they need to hover up every transaction just to enable fintech?', 'I just want to thank you for posting something that thoughtfully engages with the subject matter of this subreddit. This is interesting stuff.', 'Here’s what I’ll say though I think the innovation is great, but and pardon my ignorance what is their plan to make $ off this? Authorization/transaction fees? Like building all this stuff is slick, but what is their path to generating $ and building up their financial services offerings. The tech is great and the ideas awesome, but at scale does this work? Also another topic I notice isn’t widely discussed in fintech is governance/compliance/regulatory. Banking/finance has plenty of Laws and rules to follow. Between systems of records and laws stating how long they have to hold onto data before disposing of it. Also expanding out as FinTech grows the use of models and modeling needs to be meet the standards set by the law of the land and check boxes ensuring there isn’t discrimination, sexism, etc. again just my thoughts off my head. Want to generate some discussion on these points as well. I don’t think the builds and newer tech stacks are going to be the problem in the future, but more of the items I just mentioned. All of which are why legacy systems continue to reign supreme because they were built to adhere to all the laws they must follow.', 'It’s wild to start to see distributed converging into fintech', 'I built a budget management app for fun in 2016 and need every txns. Mint did the same back then (I think they were powered by Yodlee or Finicity?)\n\nI read the Stripe docs and they apparently saves passwords so… let’s hope it’s not saved in plaintext so they can scrape\n\nhttps://stripe.com/docs/financial-connections/fundamentals\n\n“end users provide credentials to Stripe or one of our trusted partners”', 'Unfortunately you’re talking to a distributed systems person who only cares about cool tech lol (I have to worry about my own company’s biz justification and profitability, I don’t like to be a side spectator to other cos monetization issues)', 'Ahhh I gotcha no worries! I appreciate the honesty haha']"
