0
Arguments in favour and against to fintech as improving efficiency in the financial market. What do you think? (With sources please)
2022-05-31 00:22:09
""
"[""* FinTechs allow you to make any financial operation within seconds and basically for free. Dream exchange rates (Revolut, Zen, Airwallex B2B), transfers within seconds (Wise), game-changing innovative ideas (VitraCash - helps optimize profits if you have many cards), absolutely stunning UI and UX + simplicity (Zen - just a cute Neobank,n26, Revolut)\n* FinTechs basically force banks to lower their fees and become more digital, Old banks are struggling though. Never ever you od banks abroad. \n\nHowever, I wouln'd trust FinTechs too much. Revolut blocks users and blocks theier funds for months (Me and a couple of my frineds had to go through it). I have heard many similar stories about other FinTechs like Monese, Wise   \n\n\n  \n\n\nBut FinTechs definetely help with efficiency  !"", 'Downside is we don’t know how these are going to be ran. For instance, I’ve been watching this company called Stablegains(no longer in business), they claimed to be managing users funds one way but were actually doing something much more risky, forced their users to hold a bad cryptocurrency for a >90% loss. The users are now suing because they were told most of their money is in USDC and potentially some other coins for diversification, but it was all in UST. \n\nThat situation made me wonder, what if those other disrupters are doing something similar. One of my favorite investment apps, Concreit, invest in real estate loans or something like that. They claim to be diversified as well. I’ve only ever had a positive experience with them, but how do I know they’re doing what they’re saying they’ll do? \n\nThe trust in these new guys just isn’t there yet and understandably so, they’re still new. That being said, I’m still a huge fan of fintech and am willing to take some risks on the new guys because I do think, generally, they tend to be great']"
