0
my review using various neobanks for cashing in selling cryptocurrencies
2022-05-31 18:20:47
"hello,

i wanted to share with you my experience using various online banks in order to cash in crypto assets. i am doing this because i don't want to receive cryptomoney on my main bank account where i collect my salary as i don't want to take any risk with this one being frozen or being asked questions. i therefore adopted the strategy to multiply online accounts and cards.

People who buy my cryptomoney are people from various p2p platforms, forums, people adding me on telegram.. basically strangers. i quickly learned that banks don't like you to receive money from strangers if you are just holding a personnal account, specially onlines ones.

i am making this post to share with you how these neobanks handle limits and suspicious activites and also because i am curious to see if someone could have a better bank to suggest or a strategy to share with me.

here are how various neobanks handled my accounts receiving money.

&#x200B;

WISE :

it worked for quite a while, receiving sums wise to wise and from iban transfers, until one day one buyer mentioned a crypto related term in the communication. i had an email from wise support inquiring about the transfer, i had the honesty to answer the truth and since cryptos are against the ToS, they shut down the account anyway. My account was empty and they just sent back the incoming payment to the buyer. Later on i tried to make another account in the name of a friend and limiting myself only to ""wise to wise"" transfers, but for some reason that i miss (ip flagging?), the account was closed 3 days later for violating the ToS. this time there was no prior contact from the support. there was money left on that account that was refunded in less than two weeks after a few mail exchanges with the support

&#x200B;

REVOLUT :

i had absolutely no issues for arround 3 months collecting money on this account, accepting revolut to revolut payments and iban payments. after receiving for around 40k euros i eventually was contacted by the support to ask me about my activities (my account was still free to use and not blocked), to wich i answered and gave all the proof. i was told that it was not acceptable anymore and that i had to consider to switch tu business account. It counted as a warning tho and my account is still open to this day, i stoped to collect money with it.

&#x200B;

N26 :

Aside that opening an account on N26 is not free compared to all other online accounts mentioned in this list (47€ per year for the cheapest plan), it was also one of the worst experiences, after around two weeks the account was shut down without warning, i had a pretty large amount on it and to this day i haven't got answer on when or how i could receive it back. these guys are really thieves

&#x200B;

PAYSERA :

account creation is a bit cumbersome, and receiving money from IBAN number outside paysera is a hell (they will ask you to fill a form with tons of info to validate it, like the birthdate of the sender, picture proof of invoice etc), but for the few paysera to paysera payments that i received, it was working well. I never used it intensively because cryptocurrencies are against their ToS. Funny note is that when you create your account they ask you to fill a form on why you want to use the account, and cryptocurrencies is in the list. I had ticked it at first and it took days for me to only receive an email to say the creation was denied and that i had to start over the process.

&#x200B;

SKRILL :

creating an account is free but their fees are pretty high (1.8% for skill to skrill payments). note that you don't own an IBAN number with this online account. transfers of money to your linked bank account costs 5.50€ too. Overall service is good, support reactive. i eventually got this account closed after 1 month but i was refunded in less than a week the remaining funds after a few email exchanges with the support. overall good experience

&#x200B;

BUNQ:

the process of creating my account was bluffing as it took less than five minuts after wich i could already start to use the account, the interface is easy and smooth and they provided several IBAN numbers, but my account got shut down as fast as it took me to open it. So after 1 week and just a few transactions it was shut down without warning, i got a standard email saying my funds will me held up to 4 months for investigation before being eventually refunded, is this even legal seriously ?

&#x200B;

BANKERA :

this is a small online bank, their chat support is very reactive and they are openly cryptofriendly, they don't have problem with my activity on the account but i am limited to 1000€ per month (in and out) wich is a bit limitating, 

edit : this account was closed too. even tho crypto are ok in their ToS, apparently p2p buy and sell is not"
"[""I've had a similar experience. Currently trying to piece together the landscape also.\nI was flagged early with wise because I sent from wise to binance and sending funds to crypto exchanges is against ToS. Luckily I was able to move funds to another account before it was restricted.\nRevolut account I probably abused to much, and after a few days I'd put 30k through, I was able to remove my funds before restriction.\nI made a habit of removing funds immediately after they were deposited, I don't know if this was a good thing, but I kept my money.\n\nWhat amounts were you transacting per sale?\nAnd how regular were you it?\n\nI have only used revolut and wise.\nI think I'll take a miss on N26""]"
