0
Newbie here
2022-06-01 07:39:26
"TL;DR - is there a FINTECH FOR DUMMIES equivalent anywhere?

Hey everyone, 

New to the Fintech world (coming from healthcare) and hoping to find some resources to learn the basics as quickly as possible. My company is a Series A startup in the healthcare payment space. I realize this is a broad question, but does anyone have good recommendations for books/podcasts/videos etc that could help me learn the basics? I understand general finance principals, but not the tech side of things (e.g. just learned what an API is and only partially understand it)

Thank you!"
"['I think people get focused on the industry and instead of missing the forest for the trees, they miss the trees for the forest. I know you just learned what an API is, (and maybe you now know this) but APIs are not unique to fintech. More or less the pieces that make up a fintech are the same as any other company. You have databases and systems that talk to one another, you have user interfaces, you interact with a bank, etc. \n\nI’m not trying to oversimplify or say there’s nothing to learn, but you should think of what specific questions you have about the technology. Fintech is such a broad term for companies that do all sorts of things at the intersection of money and technology. You could be issuing cards, you could be processing card payments, maybe it’s a personal finance service like Mint or Personal Capital, maybe it’s investing, etc. And within those categories, each company may do things a little different.\n\nI’m sure you don’t want to disclose your employer and are limited on specifics, but if you can come up with some more targeted questions, you’ll definitely make better progress in understanding. I’m happy to take a stab at any questions you have. I’ve worked in fintech, specifically payments (B2C & B2B), for 10 years.', 'Fintech start up equipment finance for healthcare. Happy to catch up and discuss Fintech.', ""Welcome. Good luck! From what I've seen this sub is very quiet. 🤫"", 'I work for a cloud network & security company. I sell Enterprise plans - but we have some cool stuff that you might find valuable. It could add security and speed up transactions for 0-200/month. Feel free to PM - Happy to discuss', 'Check out Anatomy of the Swipe by Ahmed Siddiqui.']"
