0
How to pay Russian Clients from Canada?
2022-06-04 15:42:34
"Hello Fintech Community,

I help run a music distribution company in which delivers works from independent musicians to all of the major streaming platforms (Spotify, Apple, Amazon, etc..) 

As of right now we have many clients who are young and aspiring musicians based out of Russia. Part of our job is also to collect the revenue from sales and streaming royalties and distribute it back to the artists each month.

Currently I am unable to find a method in which I can send any of my clients in Russia their money in which is owed to them for the sales of their works.

Any suggestions in how I might be able to pay my Russian clients would be greatly appreciated. 

Thanks!"
"['Be very careful as penalties for sanction busting and money laundering are incredibly severe.', ""It's just not worth it.\n\nConsider this: there were 6 waves of sanctions against Russia in the past 100 days. They change often, get harder and harder each time and what seems OK today will put your business ar risk tomorrow.\n\nSanctions differ from country to country. A Canadian bank may accept your transfer to a Russian bank, but you in turn may become a subject to US secondary sanctions.\nFor example, Irish companies can work with Iran just fine. But those who do can't do business in the US.\n\nUsing bitcoin-shmitcoin may be considered circumventing sanctions retroactively and may get you some criminal charges (and thus prison time) in future. I am unaware.of such cases yet, but it is very much possible. Pro-Ukrainian activists are collecting lists of companies working with Russia. They go after whales such as Marriott and Burger King now, but will get to the smaller fish eventually.\n\nUsing intermediaries for the sole purpose of bypassing restrictions can also land you in trouble, obviously. It just turns your immediate problem into a delayed one.\n\nIf you absolutely must work with Russians, I guess your best bet is to get your clients to travel to Turkey (Russians don't need visas to TR), make them open bank accounts and get permanent residence documents there.\nIt costs like $3k in total but it somewhat shileds you from potential troubles.\n\nIANAL of course."", 'Since Russia has been banned from Swift, the options are very limited. You can try paying them in ETH or USDT (Crypto)']"
