0
Interested in founding a fintech startup?
2022-06-05 08:03:38
"I have been working on a side project for awhile now that can pull Edgar 10Q/K data, parse it, very accurately classify it as balance/income/cash statement data, reconstruct the statement itself, expose an API to pull financial statement fact data (cumulative or quarterly), and generalize financial facts into common concepts like “Assets”, “Liabilities”, “Equity”, “Net Income”, etc. I am thinking the next step is to try and build some kind of ML automated portfolio / investment system. I have some experience there but I’m at a point where it makes sense to partner with others and make something better than anyone could all on their own. Anyone interested in collaborating on something for fun and profit?"
"[""Was pretty obsessed with a similar idea a while back, Here are my thoughts: First off, free open source APIs for fundamental data already exist, no need to build your own from scratch. As for the automated AI/ML investing/trading, It's kinda well known that abstracting a good valuation model or a complex trading strategy into an algorithm is close to impossible because there's no objectivity to it and too many variables are at play of which some are close to unquantifiable, Quantitative hedge funds are pouring billions into this field rn but the matter of fact still remains that investing is a humanly skill and idiosyncratic at that. Cool and fun project but not monetizable IMO."", ""I would be very interested. This is a space in very passionate about. DM me and let's talk."", 'Sure!', 'Good concept. \n\nFincura recently exited to numerate', 'Hey, i do have experience with exact same thing. In fact, I happen to have built models that accurately predicts whole balance sheet and P&L. Let’s connect. DM me', 'There are market data APIs for this such as polygon. You can combine it with a platform like DriveWealth and automatically buy and sell stocks as your own FinTech super app. \n\nBut to castrate’s point, can you really need the scale and volume of hedge funds. I don’t think so. \n\nBut you could pitch it as a savings app for users. You’ll need to figure out the right target personas and go to market. \n\nIf you can figure out your USP, I’d be happy to work with you to build it.', 'I like how you talk (not the username so much) have you got any business ideas you want to bring to life?', 'Hi, can I DM you about this?', 'Sure thing. Shoot me a message']"
