0
Suggestions for a Crypto card
2022-06-06 22:52:49
"Hi all,   
What I want to have is an account where I can spend crypto directly. Not to exchange first, but hold a balance in Bitcoin (or any other crypto) and have a debit card where I can spend my crypto ""on the go""  


There is this [crypto.com](https://crypto.com) card. But it's not really usable. You have to exchange crypto to FIAT first, then .....they want you to buy their coins. 

Do you have any suggestions for me?"
"[""So basically you'd want a crypto wallet with a debit card? I don't think this exists. Plus for the card to work I believe it would have to be converted via fiat currency because it would still have to be processed by visa, master card, etc. I don't know how Venezuela and countries like that process BTC directly but I assume it's a specific type of payment processor.  \nBut I'm no expert in this field, just throwing in my two cents."", 'Take a look at Bitpay.', 'Coinbase card does this:  \nhttps://www.coinbase.com/card', 'Aven is building this', ""Check out cypherd's card. it allows you to exist on-chain and retain custody of your assets. It also pays more for your coins than most exchanges and you can get better yields by being on-chain."", 'VitraCash indeed works on this right now.', ""Yes. This is exactly what I'm looking for. Thank you for your answer. I guess some companies and startups are working to implement exactly that.   \n\n\nIt would be nice to have such a debit card."", ""Check out cypherd's card. it allows you to exist on-chain and retain custody of your assets. It also pays more for your coins than most exchanges and you can get better yields by being on-chain."", ""Check out cypherd's card. it allows you to exist on-chain and retain custody of your assets. It also pays more for your coins than most exchanges and you can get better yields by being on-chain."", ""Check out cypherd's card. it allows you to exist on-chain and retain custody of your assets. It also pays more for your coins than most exchanges and you can get better yields by being on-chain."", '>Aven is a credit card that does the same i believe. Not sure when its coming out.']"
