0
"When a non-bank company (like Brex or Ramp) provides a business credit card, how do they determine credit limits and pricing?"
2022-06-07 02:16:38
"Also, what are typical eligibility requirements that their lenders may have in order to collateralize a credit card ""loan"" receivable?"
"['I work in the industry. I think I can shed some light. \n\nUnderwriting at neo-card companies generally consists of two primary factors: 1) your business\' cash balance (and related metrics derived through connecting your bank account via plaid, MX, etc.) and 2) Identity underwriting via any number of services & public records (e.g. Are you a real business registered with the government, in a non-restricted industry, etc.). \n\nLimits are tied largely to your bank account(s) that you\'ve connected. So your limit can/will change regularly based on your available cash balance. This de-risks the process by adjusting to what the card company can expect to be paid back via ACH.\n\nThe amount they can expect to be paid back is determined by the business connecting a depository account and verifying either via ""instant"" ACH or the traditional deposit method. So Brex or Ramp has access to these funds to take payment.', ""Brex is almost entirely based on the cash balance in your brex account. It is an auto-draft so the risk is significantly less. They don't really look at external accounts."", 'Agree with this assessment. I’d also add for #2 identity  underwriting they might pull from the credit bureaus as well and might have their own underwriting models, but I’m not familiar with what Brex & Ramp are doing in their Credit Dept.’s', ""Thanks for the comprehensive reply! Do you know what types of eligibility criteria they have in their capital market agreements to collateralize a credit card balance? Is it something like the merchant's bank balance must be X of their credit card balance? And/or minimum FICO score is Z?"", 'Ah good to know so they don’t do any underwriting modeling from the credit bureaus. Surprisingly, but I guess that’s their risk tolerance', ""You're welcome! \n\nWith regard to your question, it only really applies to SMB use cases as enterprise lending is a totally different animal. So I'll focus on the SMB market. Cash equals collateral in the sense that it's effectively the only asset in consideration when debt is being provided. So the formula used for ongoing daily underwriting (e.g. credit limit at any point in time) is comprised of cash on hand balanced against historical burn rate, revenue, etc. There may be some forecasting around customer finances involved, but it's weight is likely limited as it's risky to rely on forecasting when lending.\n\nRegarding FICO score, most small businesses and startups have little to no meaningful traditional credit history, so services like Dun & Bradstreet, FICO, etc. are of limited underwriting value to many lenders servicing the SMB market. Before cash balance-based lending I saw numerous very healthy companies that were relatively new be given comically low credit limits because of D&B scores.\n\nHopefully I understood your question correctly and was helpful."", ""startups typically have no credit history, which was the original target of brex. Data shows that these companies are flush with cash and won't overrun their balances. So underwriting a card to cash balances makes sense."", 'Thanks again, that additional color is much appreciated! I realize I worded my follow up question poorly-- I am curious about the capital markets structures that companies like Brex might have. I am imagining that Brex is making a spread by borrowing from credit providers (probably banks) and then lending to SMBs. I also imagine that the credit agreements between Brex and the banks might involve provisions where the bank will only allow Brex to borrow against merchant credit balances that have some specific criteria. For example, the bank may say that they will only allow Brex to borrow against a balance if the merchant who owns that account has been in business for over 1 year (or something like that). Is that right?', ""Okay so I totally misread your question haha. \n\nTo clarify where they're making money on the float to customers, Brex provides charge cards (i.e. no interest) and they make their money on interchange fees. Usually somewhere between 1-3% of the transaction amount depending on the merchant. \n\nIn terms of their lending relationship with banks, that's a separate level of underwriting against the whole portfolio of customers. So the criteria at volume typically are focused on cohorts, averages, etc. So Brex is assuming the responsibility of underwriting individuals likely with a set of general parameters that allow them to stay within the larger targets set by the banks underwriting the operation. Time in business, cash on hand, industry classification, and more all come into play there. So your assumption is correct. There's wiggle room with individual customers, but the overall portfolio needs to look a certain way to allow cash to continue to flow. \n\nHaving said all of that, Brex stood up its own FDIC-insured bank last year, so they may be moving the whole financial stack in-house over time. There's an increasing tendency for the fintech whales to consolidate their operations.""]"
