0
Question for fintech startup
2022-06-07 12:28:56
"Hey all,

Newcomer to this space but I've been developing a fintech startup using my computer science knowledge. I have one question relating to fintech api's. I have integrated Plaid, which conveniently links users bank account and provides aggregated information. I plan to use this to make some assessments on users as the startup has a lending aspect. However, I want to also make somewhat similar assessments (such as user balance, transaction history, etc) if user's link their debit/credit card before approving funds. I'm aiming to use stripe for card integration, but don't think it provides details like this. Are there any api's you recommend that can provide quick insight on customer financials through debit/credit card instead of bank? For example, BNPL providers like Klarna allow users to get credit funds after linking their card. They claim to use a proprietary algorithm for approval decisions, but how would they be able to get the data to feed this algorithm from just a card. Thanks again for the help, excited to hear your thoughts!"
"[""Not that I'm aware for debit cards. For credit, you're effectively looking at the credit card account, which could be accessed via Plaid. Finicity may have something related to credit, but ultimately the cards themselves aren't going to tell you much- the account associated with the card has the info you're looking for.\n\nWhy not use Plaid or similar and prompt users to connect the institution associated with the card?"", 'Interesting.', ""As far as I know Plaid can deal with these tasks. Money management apps like Truebill, Expensify and Cleo use the Plaid service to connect with financial institutions and get users' financial data."", ""That is my thought as well. I just know initially users would be inclined to link their card first, which might delay any in-depth assessments. Going back to the Klarna example, you don't necessarily need to link your bank account to get the credit approved. I'm wondering if they do something like soft credit check - since they claim to vet users."", 'You may find this an interesting read: https://fintechbusinessweekly.substack.com/p/buy-now-pay-later-vs-pos-lending?s=r\n\nA note around BNPL is that while many (most) don\'t charge interest, they charge a very high transaction fee to the merchant, which effectively offsets a good portion of the risk (highly simplified a 5% fee means that if <5% of dollars lent defaults, the BNPL is in the black). The addition of working with merchants may mean access to merchant data (KYC) and soft pulls to help assess risk and confirm the customer is ""real"". Repeatability is also a factor- a key indicator of repayment is previous repayment. That\'s partly what many retarder prior good users and are starting to open their own apps/shopping portals. Payday loans and overdrafts are similar- the overwhelming majority of revenue is driven by a small subset of users. Interestingly, some BNPL are pushing to have payments be made via a credit card- having access to credit is a positive signal. That said, BNPL is facing a ticking time-bomb; while credit cards all report to the credit bureaus and can see balances and utilization, BNPL cannot so they have limited knowledge of whether a consumer has racked up a large balance with other BNPL platforms and therefore whether they can afford to repay all of them.', 'You could just tell the customer they’re “linking their card” in the UI but to do that they need to pick their financial institution and log in as suggested. \n\nPlaid has lending as a use case if your interest is in doing some type of check on a user prior to moving forward [https://plaid.com/use-cases/lending/](https://plaid.com/use-cases/lending/)', ""Really useful information, thank you very much! I can see how merchant partnerships can drive the risk-assessment aspect of BNPL products. And I totally agree that the lack of awareness on how much debt a customer has accrued with other BNPL platforms is worrisome; I wonder if this is something that BNPL's can address by building a shared network. But really great points, thanks again.""]"
