0
Hey guys thoughts on NfTS
2022-06-09 12:23:13
""
"['The technology will be very useful in the future. The use case right now is fucking ridiculous and a lot of people will lose ass loads of money except the ones laundering money with them.', 'This, precisely.  \n\nThe novelty, immature markets, and lessons yet to be learned are currently holding the technology back - but, like every other wave, it starts small on it\'s way to shore...  \n\nNFTs, in what will be a very different visual and functional use case, will start to become keys to files, documents, communities, events, future milestones, future updates, future upgrades, future contracts, future value, etc.\n\nRight now, they\'re suffering from an insufferable community trying to get rich quick - just like the troves of crypto kids in 2017-2019. But, those folks will be weeded out, as millions were in the last crypto wave.  While that occurs, others are building the infrastructure.  \n\nPay attention to Consensus this week - and hopefully there will be more than just stupid jpeg collectables and the bros that brag that they got some sucker to buy after they did.  Watch for the infrastructure plays, the industry movements, the chain integrations, the new places that will ""accept"" this form of a ""key"" on future markets, scenarios, communities, etc.\n\nRemember - many technologies were created in one mindset - but when unleashed, others who see the usefulness of partial components will adopt/integrate while reducing/converting the function to what they need.  FB started as a picture sharing platform - hot on the heels of the #1 Xmas gift for probably 7-8 years running:  The digital camera.  Everyone wanted a place to dump those photos to show people how drunk they were the night before.  Other parties realized that these people where literally identifying themselves, their networks, their locations, their facial features, their interests, and 1000 more metrics to identity - and that was 90% of a marketer\'s job done for them.  So boom, it became a core tool for marketing.  Later on, it became the primary dataset for facial recognition - and everyone here is on it.  And on and on and on...\n\nNFTs will follow a trajectory that will have use cases we have not envisioned yet.  Many of those experiments will fail, but the ones that last, will define the future.  I predict bracelets/keychains, etc that act like a quick-swipe to unlock literal doors (to venues, for example), from the NFTs held by the wearer.  Is that a good idea?  No...but, it\'s one of the ones that will rise and fall as people find the sweet monetizable spot to set up their shop to try to ride the wave as far as they can.']"
