0
"fintechs, augmented reality and content producers."
2022-06-12 08:06:26
I'm fine with a very complicated task in my ux research course. I have to think of an augmented reality product aimed at content creators and the fintech sector. I can't think of anything that covers it all. Can you guys give me some help?
"[""Acorns did an augmented reality bit with their debit card product when I was there.\n\nWhen you received your card there was an AR feature that did some fancy animations when looking specifically at the card. Can't remember if it was used to activate the card or if it was just for fun though. But as a card activation it would be more practical for your example."", 'Here’s an idea, not sure how good/useful it is. As you walk up to an ATM you hold your phone up. With your debit card loaded i to your phone’s wallet, it appears as if your card is floating out of your phone and into the ATM. You enter the PIN and how much cash you want to withdrawal on your phone (not the germ-ridden ATM keypad) and then the cash pops out of the ATM. No physical card needed. No need to touch the physical ATM at all (except to grab the cash). The technology exists to make that happen (its just that the ATM vendors have no interest in doing that).', 'That is the most niche thing I’ve ever heard of in Fintech. \n\nI heard during COVID MX did their annual company meeting on the Quest 2 Oculus. That’s the most I’ve seen. Maybe some banks opening up VR real estate offices.\n\nAnyways good luck and let us know if you hear of anything.', ""Tickar investing app is using AR to help users identify millions of objects and brands by scanning a product using their phone's camera. Thus, the brand is trying to get closer to the metaverse trend."", 'My semi-idiotic idea would be to scan a product with your phone camera, and overlay a price-comparison table that shows the product’s true cost if purchase in store with cash vs with a credit card you currently have, accounting for your typical pay-off time (I.e., interest expense.)']"
