0
What's it like working in FinTech as a Solutions Designer?
2022-06-14 13:13:41
""
"['Hard explaining to people what you do.', 'The size of the company and type of solutions likely makes a big difference. I can speak from my experience which was as a tech lead/junior architect for a very large corporate fintech company. Get used to countless dependencies outside of your team, and many of those dependencies are related to infrastructure and data resources. The larger the infrastructure, the more difficult it is to update it for modern features. If you are designing solutions for clients, then prepare to be constantly reconciling the modern features requested by clients with the outdated architecture and services established within your company as well as outdated tech outside of the company. Financial institutions are notorious for old, inflexible, unscalable networks and applications. You will be constantly researching the services and features that exist and defining requirements for new services that need to built to connect them and support the new solutions. Integrating with external applications can require major migrations of data that can span months or years of planning. Solutions from envisioning all the way to release can take 2 or 3 years to complete. If the solutions require integration with client applications you will likely also be working closely with their tech teams as well. Then you have your team of developers working on small parts of the features at multiple layers of the stack, who you will need to guide towards the goal and often assist to make sure that they are committing quality code, not creating bugs, correctly leveraging the external dependencies, etc. All of that said, it’s pretty rewarding to see the projects come to fruition after so much time and coordination. But it is a balancing act where you really learn how to use your discretion to shift resources, and you learn how to approach projects as a constantly evolving organism rather than a solution that you can package up and call done.\n\nEdit: I forgot to mention government regulations. In finance, chances are your tech is going to used in multiple countries. Every country has its own regulations around accessibility, data security, user data usage/storage, etc. so all of that needs to be taken into account every step of the way. Accessibility is a major challenge now as the requirements are growing quickly, and it is making it more difficult to leverage existing tech and means more rebuilding or replacing old services for new solutions.', ""I'd appreciate any input...\n\nSolution Designers, System Architects, Sales Engineers, etc. all have strong overlapping role attributes.\n\nThe financial sector is an interesting domain to technologists but few understand the fundamentals... this is what I'm seeking to determine... put simply, is it the same as other technology sectors?... moving beyond the application space, technologies become very familiar and similar, is this the same understanding in Finance?"", 'All sounds really interesting… just trying to figure out if it’s a fit for me 😉\nAppreciate the feedback, thanks 🙏', ""It's easy at the 'fintech' layer. Connecting Fintech services like MX, Socure, alloy, etc is dead easy. But in America at least, your 'core' is usually one of 3, maybe 4, providers that do your card servicing, ledger, ACH, etc. And THOSE providers all suck. Their technology is old and you'll never get them to provide a custom endpoint or enhance a feature for you. \n\nSo you get stuck and end up having to be very creative to make up for deficiencies of companies like FIS or Jack Henry."", 'Appreciate the insight, Thank you.']"
