0
Open Banking - PISP getting a stuck sometimes
2022-06-17 23:03:18
"Hi all. 

Quick question. I was told about some cases where the payment initiation service (PISP) gets stuck sometimes in processing funds and it takes a long time to actually move the funds. What could be the technical reasons for that?

**Scenario**

Imagine that a company is using a third party fund management software, which via an open banking provider, has access to the company's bank account (Bank account initiation and payment initiation). The company uses that third party platform to initiate payments, but the money ""gets stuck in limbo"" and it takes forever to arrive with the recipient. 

&#x200B;

If anyone has an idea please let me know."
"['The platform is doing something shady or the bank is holding funds because the transaction got flagged for being ""suspicious"" or  needing additional approval. Nothing to do with Open Banking as a concept, most likely a combination of technical, regulatory issues and a possible pinch of FUD thrown in by someone whose business is threatened by Open Banking.', 'The funds clear but they don’t provide timely confirmation - because the useless ****s that implemented open banking in UK couldn’t force the banks to do that', 'hey thank you for the answer.  \nI had the same thought, where is the open banking rails are set up they can not really get stuck. those are APIs after all. So indeed the bank (customer bank receiving the instruction) must be essentially blocking the transfer.   \n\n\nThis is the first time I am hearing about this case. I was wondering if this is more common.', 'hey thank you for the answer.  \nI had the same thought, where is the open banking rails are set up they can not really get stuck. those are APIs after all. So indeed the bank (customer bank receiving the instruction) must be essentially blocking the transfer.   \n\n\nThis is the first time I am hearing about this case. I was wondering if this is more common.', 'I have not heard of such cases, but I am quite used to hearing about the dire state of the IT platforms that banks and other large enterprises run on. No matter what they say, there is always a fair amount of tech debt that keeps slowing down them and their partners.']"
