0
SEPA SCT Credit
2022-06-20 04:05:08
"Hi all. 
Quick question regarding the integration of SEPA credit. 

I am looking at a project where a find management company wants to allow their clients (businesses) to be sending transfers to their suppliers. 

In order to do this the find management company will generate virtual IBANs so their clients can fund them. From there the clients will have the option to initiate bank transfers (SEPA instant credit). This operation should be possible in at least 3 Euro countries. 

Does the fund management company therefore have use a separate banking partner in each euro country or is there one bank they can be using as a sponsor?

Please let me know."
"['Your management company should obtain a banking licence first. Depositing money to “virtual” accounts sounds not so… regulated, and there is a metric shit-ton of eu specific banking regulation to comply to.', 'If this SEPA Instant Credit (is SEPA instant payment ) then if payment is processed as INST dependa on the bank. If both banks between the credit takes place are SEPA Inst participants then payments are close to realtime. I think your company is actually working with 1 banking partner theough whome they collect / payout - and the end customers actually know to whom they pay. \n\nBut coming back to my answer the see here the SEPA/INST coverage https://www.europeanpaymentscouncil.eu/what-we-do/sepa-instant-credit-transfer', 'Emo ey license not required - use an Open Banking provider like trustly', 'Use Open Banking', ""Hi there,   \n\n\nA banking license is not needed as it would be an overkill.\n\nWhat is needed is a e-money license, which can be obtained much faster. The core difference here is that you only need a banking license if you invest your clients money. if you only want to hold your client's money all you need to make sure that is client's money is separated from your company money. This is what qualifies you for an e-money license. You will be come an EMI (Electronic Money Institute)\n\nAll of that being said, to my original question of offering SEPA SCT INST (credit transfer) solutions. In order to make this happen we need to be integrated with a banking / psp sponsor who is a direct participant in the SEPA scheme. However, the question is if we need to do that per each EURO country we want to operate in or only once and it will apply to all of Europe.   \n\n\nif anyone knows please let me know."", 'If you are a certified pisp - it is for whole europe. But, implementations vary a lot, and this is where it becomes problematic. Btw this post obviously got burried, so maybe try again if someone else picks it up. Regarding the e money, I did not know that - as from my perspective, if you are holding funds (enabling deposits) you are subjected to banking regulation, so this emoney thing seems like a good thing to avoid that (and that is good for the industry). Good luck.']"
