0
Final case presentation interview!
2022-07-02 10:27:45
"I just joined this sub to find out more about your tips and opinions for an entry level fintech sales associate position interview. I have no sales experience (recently left teaching) and am onto my 4th and final interview for a global payment processing company. This final interview includes a role play for 15 minutes where I will:

1. Summarize the business 
2. Explain why it would help a hypothetical company
3. And how it will positively impact them.

I guess I’m struggling with where to begin because I have little experience. They also said there will be a Q&A with the “customer” asking about the company. 

Does anyone have any tips for what the employer is looking for? I realize this might be vague but being new to sales and fintech I am truly not sure what to expect going into the interview. Any ideas, other subreddits, or tips are SO appreciated!!"
"['1. Who created the company, and how did they get the idea?  What problem are you solving for them?\n\n2.  Does using the product/service save the client time?  How much time in a year?  Estimate it, 40 hrs/ month saved means increasing productivity by 25% for impacted staff. So 1 salary @ 75k/ year will save ~ 19k in salary of time spent doing repetitive task\n\n3. Cost of service annually is x. If x < 19k, you’re making client $.  Then layer in accuracy, reporting etc.  does this benefit make THEIR customers have a better experience. Churn, improved sales, better service are all high points\n\n\nThen practise this pitch to make it 10 min and leave 5 min for questions. Use SWOT as a basic framework to anticipate. Be frugal with words and make them count. Be elegant with the solution, and it will be more powerful', ""Such brilliant comments contribute to reddit's added value. Thank you"", 'Thank you, I will take all of this and apply it to my presentation. I appreciate your time and thoughtful response!!', 'I just wanted to update you to let you know I got the job :) I appreciate the advice and it helped a lot- I start August 1. Thank you again!', 'Thank you kindly.', 'Awesome!  Good luck with your exciting new career']"
