0
Good Tech role for career transition from Consumer Lending?
2022-07-15 15:32:05
"After spending the last 12 years in various consumer lending sales roles, I want to transition to the tech/software industry.  The problem I'm having is I have ZERO ideas of where my background can make an impact—looking for your feedback.  

Here is my professional background -

Worked in different Finance & Insurance Director/Manager roles for four years

I spent two years in a Finance & Insurance development role consulting car dealerships on sales and operations.  The job required a lot of travel, around 90% most months.  The position was consulting and training part inside of retail car dealerships, both independent and franchised

5.5 years of residential mortgage lending sales., one year for an FDIC bank, 2.5 years for a mortgage bank, and two years as a mortgage broker.  

I attended the John Maxwell Leadership program seven years ago and have been very involved in the Chamber of Commerce and understanding how I can help local businesses grow.  Working with the Chamber has helped me polish my business development skills

Several years ago I realized a practical solution for Machine Learning learning to blend searching for hones and hopping for a mortgage into one.  Starting with the idea, I worked with patent attorneys, hired development teams, created a pitch deck and other pull your hair out activities of taking an idea to reality.  

Working with the developers and constantly referring to excel functions, I began learning essential javascript.  From javascript into learning moderate python, finance functions, and have recently been working with tensor flow.  

I have seen that technology has so much to offer the consumer lending industry, and I want to be a part of the team that changes consumer lending forever.

Where do I start, and what do I look for with my background?"
"['That sounds like a perfect background for a leadership role in the business development or architecture function of a large fintech provider. Your combination of business development and technology skills, combined with your communication and relationship management usually fits that bill quite well.', 'What about a commercial role for a Fintech in the consumer lending space? Or a product role (might be more of a stretch). Given your experience I would imagine fintech’s would be open to it.', 'Look at doing a course - one of the premium ones. You can use that as your qualification and work your way up from a junior role.', 'I’d discuss this with you if your open to it. Will dm tomorrow.', ""Thanks!  I'll keep an eye out""]"
