0
Is FinTech a good career to pursue?
2022-07-20 05:42:42
So basically I’m gonna have to choose my bachelor degree and I’m between two programs. Bachelor of Science in Financial Technology and Bachelor of Science in Accounting and Finance. I have an interest in both of these fields so I just wanna know if FinTech is a good career to pursue.
"['FinTech is one of the most exciting and lucrative fields right now, if you can handle the material I would recommend it', 'I am working in a FinTech startup company the job is challenging and interesting and the pay is really good. \nAs of FinTech startup I think what’s really interesting is that you get to touch many subjects and sort of wear many hats it’s definitely rewarding and can open many doors in the future !\n\nEDIT: forgot to mention as the company keeps evolving you take in more and more responsibilities and you get to get promotion first instead of them hiring someone else if that makes sense. Flat structure and you become indispensable which gives you a lot of bargaining power', 'Good pay, interesting work, huge egos.', 'Good and lucrative but it can be very stressful and demanding.', 'Are you interested in cybersecurity, coding, and advanced math/data analysis? If so, go for fintech. If not, go for accounting/finance. \n\nBoth will require someone good with numbers. But accounting/finance is more old school, so you apply the rules and operate in a traditional way. Fintech involves finance and accounting, but adds coding, data analysis (for AI/ML applications), and cybersecurity issues. \n\nThe fintech environment also has more startups and more churn, so there\'s more uncertainty and more opportunity to get in on the ground floor, vs. shooting for an accounting or finance position either in house at a company or at one of the big firms, which is a much more hierarchical environment that does not tend to have the same churn, or the same ""rocket to the top"" opportunities. So in addition to the skills mentioned above, do you like an environment with churn/opportunity, or would you like a more predictable but possibly slow rise in the field?', 'Yes', 'Fintech is an emerging field and offers good pay and rewarding work', 'alr thanks for the info', 'So ur saying the scope is pretty good? If thats the case, then thanks for the info you replied with, will take that into consideration when making my decision but thanks mate, really appreciate it. Oh btw if i like give u a summary of the course the uni will teach, would u like tell me if its good', 'Well whos got huge egos now and why', 'Yes to me pursuing a career in the field?', 'Yes the scope is definitely interesting ! \nNo worries, feel free to share or reach out if you have any questions !', 'My apologies, yes to everything. It’s a great place to work and in any field. I lead marketing and comms for a large Fintech in the Canadian space. I’ve worked in different industries and I have enjoyed this industry the most. I know there’s a recession, but I believe the Fintech space is fairly stable.', 'Thanks a lot. So basically this is the summary of the courses, everything related to finance, some basic accounting courses, Computer Science related to businesses (programming in finance , web development, AI in business decision making) and marketing courses']"
