0
Fintech developer
2022-07-24 03:38:55
"I’m not sure if it’s the right community or should I post this question in another community, but I wondering what the fintech developer job looks like. From time to time I see some job positions in this Fintech area. I have experience as Java/Kotlin backend developer in e-commerce applications, so pure technical job requirements are clear for me, but some points are mysterious to me. Maybe someone can explain them to me.

1. Some understanding of financial math (quantitative finance). What should I know? Solve some financial problems with equations or get some theoretical knowledge about statistical models. 

2. Defi/Cryptocurrency - What should I be able to implement for example using solidity? Some simple blockchain operations like in Zombie Game or something more advanced like the integration between blockchain world and non-blockchain transactions? What kind of knowledge is needed?

Maybe someone can give real examples of tasks that were working on."
"['AWS, data base management, \n\nPython is the most oft used code in Fintech. \n\nLook up APIs. Plaid, big companies like this will have developer sections with kids of APIs and use cases. Go after that space.', 'For #1 your experience in backend e-commerce should be applicable. You will need to learn the industry and the process flow, but it’s very learnable. \n\nThe caveat is if if you come across an API development job — in this scenario you need to able to build APIs not just for internal consumers (ie your e-commerce frontend team) but for external developers, so more thought has to go into api design, standards et c. \n\nFor #2 you will do similar things to FinTech APIs but I’m pretty confident there will be a focus on logic problems, cryptography, and an overall focus on math and solutioning. There are plenty of open source defi projects you can contribute to to get a taste of it before you choose to go down this path. \n\nBest of luck!', ""Thank you! I really appreciate that. Regarding #1 Can I make some general preparation or it doesn't make any sens and I'll learn everything at work?""]"
