0
New Fintech Startup- DIGITAL BANKING START UP
2022-07-26 21:05:18
"Hello Everyone.As a New Fintech Startup- DIGITAL BANKING START UPother than CEO, COO, CTO, CFO AND CIO,  what other employees  does a Banking startup with need?

Please help me list them if you know .

UPDATE: 

I am asking for small positions that have a big inpact in the company? Example: customer service, tellers, ect.... What employees would a digital bank need with regard to these type of positions?

I am aware of marketing, sales, etc, I just need more specific positions in digital banking.

Thank you.

&#x200B;"
"['Compliance officer.', ""Forget the titles and focus on what people you need to cover your weaknesses/shortcomings and to reach the goals of your startup!\n\nWhat people you need also depends on the product of your startup.\n\nIf your product is regulated - which in fintech is highly likely - you'll probably also need someone for legal and compliance things as well as someone for risk management.Even more true if you want to built a neo-bank or investment platform (sounds like it given you said banking startup and the CIO).\n\nThen I am surprised you didn't mention sales and/or marketing at all... I mean you need customers! Nothing more important than that as they eventually pay the bills.So someone who can sell/market your product is super important.\n\nAlso bear in mind that fintech is currently preparing for recession so a solid team becomes even more important as raising funds becomes tougher (just see the recent valuations cuts at some pretty decent fintechs) and regulators step up their requirements. So make sure you have people on board who know the industry (and have worked a couple of years in it) as the question suggests you have an idea for a product but never worked in financial services, investments or a fintech. Still if you have a cool product/idea go for it as opportunities are still there but it's getting tougher...   \n\n\n**So rather than asking which titles/roles you need ask yourself which tasks need to get done and what people/skills you are missing on your team to accomplish them.**"", 'Is this currently at inception? Or have you already raised Seed funding? \n\nYour minimum should be CEO, CTO and maybe CFO.  In the beginning your CTO can double as you CIO.  Primary focus is to build product.  CEO worry’s about strategy and investors.  CFO can help with execution (COO) and investor decks.  \n\nOnce you have proof of concept and move towards scale, then each of the C level functions can focus on their independent areas to build out functions.  (I.e.  accounting, FP&A, etc for the CFO)', 'I’m going to self-servingly say that having someone focus on the overall customer experience and, specifically, identifying and tracking against the niche of problem you are trying to solve for your users, is essential. \n\nFinTech in particular seems to have developed a nice, relatively robust tech stack these last few years, leaving the customer experience as one of the few places left to differentiate.', 'An experienced compliance officer is a must. Chopra is comin’ for Fintech, so definitely want to keep that on your radar.', 'This is past the MVP level and seed funding, from launch and onward what positions do you think a digital bank startup needs?']"
