0
Hypercharts Alternative?
2022-08-01 18:01:20
"Hi all,

Anyone familiar with the website [hypercharts.co](http://hypercharts.co/)? It’s been one of my main resources over the past few years for research (I pay $10 a month for premium) and it’s the first place I go just to get familiar with the fundamentals of a business. It doesn’t have a lot of data compared to traditional sites like yahoo, zack's, etc., but the data it does provide is extremely relevant to fundamental investors and it's visualized beautifully.

This is why I was disappointed to learn that they’re shutting down the site in a month after being acquired by [public.com](http://public.com/), and I'm not seeing any alternatives.

I can't be the only person who finds value in the site (it looks like the site has about 100k avg monthly visits), so I was thinking of creating an improved version with the same use case and go-to-market strategy. I reached out to the co-founder, Gali Russell, and he gave me his blessing to go through with the project.

Only problem is that I just started learning to code recently and can barely get by with html/css. If anyone is familiar with hypercharts it would be super helpful to know how difficult it would be to make a similar site. I imagine that creating and embedding the charts would be a challenge because the data is sourced manually and the charts are modified based on the needs of each company.

I'm willing to dedicate some time to learning but I’m also just trying to determine if it would make sense to look for a technical partner instead of going at it alone. Any information would be appreciated greatly, and if anyone is intrigued by the idea and wants to get involved, let me know. It would be much more fun to pursue this project with others.

Thank you!!"
"['Why can’t you use public.com? The website states that all the data will be available at public.com.', '[Finviz.com](https://finviz.com) slaps', 'I don’t want to have to sign up for another trading account just to unlock access to the data. It might turn out to be a fine alternative but I’d much rather use a standalone site devoted to data visualization than to navigate another research platform with heaps of information that isn’t relevant. Maybe that’s just me though, and maybe public will surprise me.', 'You need US number. There were many europeans using that service as well.', ""Hey, I'm currently building an alternative to HyperCharts. I hope to have a first version online by the time it gets shut down. Is there some feature that is a must-have for you? Anything that you didn't like? Thanks."", 'Most important thing for me is the list with upcoming and recent earnings and market cap. Another great feature is that new earnings are added very quickly', 'Charts and where possible UNIT breakdown of sales, marketshare etc. Sometimes sales decline and prices increase obfuscating the actual trend. (Probably more pronounced now with inflation all over the map).\n\nTrend charted Quarterly/Yearly. If that can be mapped along with stock price would be a nice touch. But then if you do all that good chance it gets acquired and is behind a money gate shortly thereafter.', 'Im also looking for a publics.com [hypercharts](https://hypercharts.co) alternative. can u/itsTobirexy send us a link to your build?', ""Sure, I will send you the link as soon as I have it public. Unfortunately, I haven't made a lot of progress in the last few weeks but I'm aiming for a release in October."", 'Update: I ended up creating a Hypercharts alternative (just launched our public beta). check it out at mainstreetfinancialdata.com', 'Would also love to receive a link!', '>mainstreetfinancialdata.com\n\nSweet! Gonna check it out now', ""Sure, I'll let you know."", 'Check out the beta! ==> mainstreetfinancialdata.com', ""man your website would immediately get so many users.. thanks for doing this! I'm in for the link too"", 'same here.  \nThe minimum viable product is very achievable for one person  \nClean UI with charts of main financial metrics (biggest 3 would be all needed) and top 10 or even 5 stocks', ""Hey it looks like some other people are also making alternatives but here's mine! Just launched the beta: mainstreetfinancialdata.com"", ""Hey guys! We are actively creating an alternative to hypercharts.\n\nWe're adding new companies, interactive charts and functionality constantly.\n\nWe already have some great visualizations, Would love to have your feedback!\n\n[https://www.finchart.co/](https://www.finchart.co/)"", ""Here's another option! mainstreetfinancialdata.com"", 'I like it. Maybe use quarter instead of dates and if you would add some kind ot upcoming and recent earnings dates I would absolutely love that', 'Amazing!!!!\nThank you SO much\nMay I suggest the greatest feature that Hypercharts had: the comparison tool', 'Good ideas I’ll try to get those features up soon! And let me know if you have any companies you’d like more charts for and I’ll prioritize those', ""I'll add it to the list! Really appreciate the feedback""]"
