0
The job market in America right now… How is it for you?
2022-08-04 14:56:18
""
"['Looks like a lot of companies are hiring but having a hiring freeze at the same time.', 'Firstly, I\'m a little concerned about inflated, artificial job opening numbers. In the early days of the pandemic, I saw a lot of companies - including those in fintech - posting jobs that probably never existed. I think it was more of a ploy to save face with analysts who were speculating their value. (""Don\'t worry investors, we\'re doing great! Just look at all these jobs we\'re hiring for!"")\n\nAs for the hiring freezes, I think companies are being more strategic than freezing across the board. It\'s more about retracting, restructuring, consolidating, and streamlining. ""Trimming the fat,"" perhaps. They\'re holding off on hiring for new positions until they can deem them absolutely necessary. In conjunction with layoffs, this also happens to create some new opportunity. So, depends on your line of work. There\'s also the pros and cons of remote work - you get more opportunities, but the pool of competition increases dramatically.\n\nPersonally, I\'m seeing a lot available in my pocket of the fintech world. Still getting messages from recruiters and there is enough on the job boards that I would feel OK were I to lose my job tomorrow.', 'Generally it’s still pretty healthy. Not gangbusters like a year ago but there’s a lot of opportunities out there, especially for engineers / technical integrations', 'Also there’s not a lot of remote positions. Some companies forced people to move to another state. Wish we can all be 21 and just packed off to Texas to get the job.', ""It's a bit of a revolving door in NOVA of Fannie, Freddy, Cap One, and SWIFT. Lot's of people leaving but lots of people coming!"", 'Hiring but having a hiring freeze? How does that work?', 'I would agree. How long do you think this will last?', 'Thank you for your insight!', 'It means they need people, so they will happily interview candidates, but will not give them any offers until the freeze is over.', 'It’s like you can read my mind 👍']"
