0
"P2P Payment App Users, I need your opinions"
2022-08-05 08:21:59
"It looks like P2P payment apps like Venmo, and Cashapp have become mainstream nowadays and millions of users use them to carry out transactions among friends, family and merchants. I'm sure a lot of you have used these apps and are regular users of these apps. 

To this end, I wanted to ask you your opinion on these apps. Do you think they are adequate in covering your daily needs? What are some features that you really like? What are some features that you wish these apps had? I am conducting a small research project with a few of my classmates and we are trying to get some first hand accounts from P2P users.

We appreciate your time. Any comments are welcome."
"['May be worthwhile cross posting to more engaging subreddits, if you’re looking for a more “general public” response. Personally, the convenience of them is what gets me (and I think a lot of people) to use them regularly. From a “fintech” perspective though: I would love to see more integration. FI’s have begun to integrate them (primarily Zelle) within their consumer and commercial platforms, but there is still little integration with other payment options. For example, we are starting to see new payment options at storefronts such as restaurants, that allow for QR codes to be used in online payments from a user’s device. Though these platforms typically support digital wallets, what if they could also link with a users venmo/cashapp/zelle through a sort of SSO option? Is it feasible? Maybe. Expensive? Surely. But I think that is something that could be on the horizon soon. Smaller businesses are able to do this a bit right now (think Instagram centered vendors), but it is oftentimes messy or through an organizational venmo account. Utilizing or even performing a full integration of a P2P system to a digital wallet could be an interesting theory…\n\nAgain, not sure what role regulation and feasibility will play in your project, but assuming there isn’t too much of a compliance aspect, these are some of my ideas.', 'ooc what subreddits would you say are more engaging']"
