0
Should I get regulated pre launch (that seems absurd if it takes 3-5 months)
2022-08-06 08:42:21
"Hi, 

This is more of a legal question than a finance question. I am working on a prelaunch fintech startup to do with payments. I'm in the UK and there are regulations about registering as an E-money business. (Im not a lawyer). The process would take a few months. 

I was wondering in the case of other founders (not necessarily in the UK as the laws Im sure are similar), how do you navigate legal hurdles like this. I imagine it must be very impractical to spend several months trying to get regulated before even launching a product? Do regulatory bodies care about tiny startups (and I would start getting regulated as soon as I had the means), and make such allowances, or did people get regulated first even if they weren't sure about traction (which seems a bit absurd to me). 

Thanks"
"['Hey - also work in fintech in the uk, not on the regulatory side but enough exposure to provide some advice\n\nGetting an emi licence has become slower and more convoluted than it was even 6 months ago. The fca is asking more questions around process, safeguarding of client money - I wouldn’t expect it to take ‘a few’ months (expect around 6)\n\nRegulatory bodies absolutely care about tiny startups. The whole point of emi regs are to protect customers, skirting them is going to land you in trouble\n\nThere are other ways to do what you need - look into getting agency status via an existing emi', ""Don't know about UK but in Canada, the law dictates that you must be certified if you're storing anything sensitive, in our case credit card numbers, expiry, CVV etc. My CEO talked with the a Law Firm which explained that there would be regular reviews to check if we're following all the guidelines.\n\nHence, If you don't get certified and still store the data, you're essential breaking the law BUT if you're not moving that much volume in terms of money, no one is gonna notice you or come after you.\n\nSo you could store whatever details You'd like, in our case we don't, cause it's too much of a headache to get certified and our architecture works in a way that allows us to operate without storing aforementioned details.\n\nIf you plan on getting certified in the future make sure when you apply, you clean up all your logs, DB entries, git commits etc before you go in for a review.\n\nHope it helps"", 'https://www.fca.org.uk/firms/innovation/regulatory-sandbox\n\nThat is why sandboxes exist. You can test your product without even going through the hurdles of acquiring a license.', ""Thanks for this. Im leaning towards the side of getting certified as we get beta tests moving (even though technically we are unregulated for a short duration). I agree (and hope you're right) that no one will care for the moment!"", ""Certification is going to be a painful and expensive process, but if you do get onto the certification process please post here, I'd like to know your experience. Also, remember the reviews I told you about? Well, you get fined, ranging from 10-100K depending on the severity of the violation, so that's fun too.""]"
