0
Credit card or ACH processor with payment links for entering custom amount?
2022-08-08 05:23:20
"We send out invoices to our clients every month and we used to have an ACH processor that had a link that the customer could go to, enter the amount they wanted to pay along with their personal information and then enter in a routing and account number and it would process the payment. The customer could choose either credit card or ACH. But the most important thing is that the customer could enter in an amount, any amount they desired. so far I haven’t found anything else like this. Stripe has payment links but the customer cannot enter in the amount they want to pay. PayPal has this but it is made to be a donation button and we are not excepting donations, and I don’t want the customer to see the word donation. Is there an actual ACH or credit card processor that can have a link where customers can just go at any time and pay any amount?"
"[""You can have the 'link' they go to hosted by you with a place to enter the amount and as soon as amount is entered they are redirected to the payment flow. \n\nGenerating the link realtime as opposed to sending it in an invoice"", ""You might want to double check the Stripe documentation because I'm certain that you can create payment links where the customer enters the amount they wish to pay.\n\nhttps://stripe.com/docs/payments/payment-links?pricing-model=customer-chooses"", 'PayNearMe has this but it’s for larger merchants and is probably overkill if you have < 10000 customers making monthly payments.', 'Yeah I thought about that, would require a programmer to implement it but it seems like it wouldn’t take that much work', 'You\'re awesome! I totally overlooked that. The payment link page has a dropdown that says ""customers choose what to pay"" and BAM, exactly what I want.', 'Yeah that’s overkill. I did find a service called Melio that does exactly what I want but it makes the customer jump through a few hoops including confirming their email address and almost makes them sign up to be able to pay. That’s kind of creating too much friction for the customer to be able to pay a simple bill but so far it’s the best thing that I found.']"
