0
New Fintech - Looking for feedback
2022-08-11 04:48:20
"Hello there

Been reading for a while, but first time posting. My name is Val, I'm the founder of Pasuri ([pasuri.io](https://pasuri.io)). It's an all in one platform to track all of your assets and personal finance. We know there are tons of similar services but none that really hit the nail on the head for us. We'd love to hear from you, good or bad. If you're interested check out the site. We have a beta that should be rolling out in the coming weeks. We'd appreciate it.

&#x200B;

Thanks

Val"
"['Why not do this for small business? There are no PFI for small business. It could be powerful.', 'How are you connecting to Zillow?', ""I really like projects that take the advantage of open APIs. It looks really cool and well visualized. The only thing I'd suggest you add to stand out from tons of similar services is the AI module. This technology will help your application get the most out of financial data, providing valuable insights that will help your users better manage their financial goals. \n\nAlso, the integration of an AI assistant can provide a unique user experience. Just imagine if your users can communicate with your app in a human-like manner.\n\nI understand that you are at the development stage and all these features can be implemented in the future, I just decided to share my thoughts. My company is engaged in the [development of fintech solutions](https://mobidev.biz/services/fintech-software-development), we are especially experienced in AI, so if you need advice, feel free to contact us."", 'I use copilot. Have you checked it out? Best way to keep a track of money.', 'Hey Val, I’m a crypto business insurance expert and would be interested in providing a quote for your business. Let me know if it interest. Cheers.', ""To be honest that's an avenue we didn't really think of. I think that the software is abstract enough where you can use it as a small business, but maybe we'll look at some more fine tuning. Thanks for the feedback!"", 'We were fortunate enough to be given access to their API', ""Thank you for sharing. We are a bit lucky to still be in development and we've thought about the AI route, but we wanted to make sure there was a market we can dive into before we started heavy development, especially with technologies like AI."", 'Most small business are run on the owners person finance. Sometimes even on their personal bank account. \n\nAbove that, you have a personal account and business bank account. The small co assets are very similar. \n\nFor instance to get approved for a loan its based on the personal guaranty of the owner of the business so we check their personal credit. \n\nSmall business finance is a mess. Its a huge opportunity where by, by your own admission, you are jumping into a crowded space.', 'From my own experience, I can say that this is absolutely the right decision. Aligning the development vector with the needs of the market is what distinguishes a successful startup from a losing one. I sincerely wish you good luck!', ""This is an interesting take. Would you mind if I pm'd you to dive a bit into it."", 'Thank you. We appreciate it!', 'Done', 'Curious to know where are you based at?', 'You just pointed this guy to a pot of gold. Well done mate.']"
