0
What min monthly revenues would attract VC investment? 30k usd per month ok?
2022-08-22 01:38:24
""
"[""Shoot, if it's a good enough tech it could be zero revenue per month."", 'Some start-ups raise $100M without a single dollar in revenue. There’s a lot of factors outside of revenue of course', 'proof that people want your product, total addressable market, do people think your team is good enough to create significant value. There is no right answer. Most fintech products raise money pre-revenue.', '[deleted]', 'If you are first-time founder the more the better..but generally, $10K per month should be more than enough to raise the first round.', '‘Market cap relative to what you spent getting to $30k MRR or whatever you’re at today’ is their concern. Are you speaking to VCs from the perspective of having exhausted all business development avenues? Also, do you want intros to VCs on West Coast?', 'I think that’s the good ol days.  I got acquired with zero rev.  This new one though. Geez hard to get vc investment in!', 'Yeah got all that am doing 30k but me fintech getting rejected by vcs.  Anyways', 'this is stupid.', '5k?? Back in the 60s??', 'I’ve tried it I keep getting rejected.  We’re a payments company and maybe 30kusd per month isn’t good enough?', 'So I posted this 91 days ago.  Now we have about 3k users , revs at monthly 80K+ on average.  We doing 130k+ this month now.  But can’t get no friggin VC in?????? Wtf and they invest in bs and scammers like FTX,??? What a joke!!!!! Suicide time!!!!!!!', 'If you are getting rejected by VCs then you do not have all that. Get a real answer from them and then fix it. Tell them to be straight and call your baby ugly', ""That should be more than enough (even for Series A in some cases). \n\nBtw, it might help, the list of fintech investors, maybe you find some new investors you didn't contact yet - https://fintechwave.co/#fintechvclist"", 'You’re too smart to respond to this.', 'Great thanks will go through. I’ve contracted probably around 20.  Sent teaser deck all good.  But when the financial model is given the figures aren’t exciting enough for them. Market is tough but have no choice but to keep going.', '20 is small number...contact at least 100 to a pre-seed and seed investors...when I raised my small angel round, I contacted 300 investors to get only one Yes...']"
