0
Technical Question on Transaction Level Data (Could use some help from people who work with schemes)
2022-09-06 08:59:02
"So this might be less related to fintech and more on traditional credit card transactions, but I couldn't find another subreddit that was more suitable. Anyhow, for work, I'm doing some research on contactless payments in public transit. In US rail provision, operators are required to provide a list of passengers. This works fine in the traditional way rail operators have been selling tickets, which is book in advance and print a ticket in your name. However, moving forward, there is a shift towards paying using your credit/debit card without registering and printing anything.   


I'm wondering if anyone with some good knowledge of the US payments industry and answer as to whether transaction level data with credit card schemes can be traced to a specific name. For example, if I'm a vendor and I have a list of X transactions, each showing basic transaction data including last 4 digits, can the credit card schemes trace these transactions to a specific person?   


With that in mind, I understand that they won't divulge this information to anyone. However, are there specific circumstances where the government can request transaction level information from credit card schemes assuming a specific event has taken place? (eg: a natural disaster that resulted in a train crash and they need to get a list of passengers)."
"[""That's both PII and card holder data so there are constraints on retaining it. Look into PCI Level 1. That said, there is always a chain to the data. If you go to your payment gateway, there may be exports that include names. Similarly, your payment software (e.g. CRM) would at very least hold a token which can be used against a vault to get the data. \n\nOne last point, you are not assured that the card holder data identifies the passenger. Nothing stops someone from putting someone else's card into their digital wallet."", 'Technically you can. But since it’s PII , it would be cumbersome to implement this. \nThe schemes can rather take the reference number or the authorization code to indentify the issuer bin for that transaction and then reach out to the corresponding issuer to retrieve the data.\nThis is just one of the way.']"
