0
Hidden problems in fintech companies
2022-09-08 17:27:41
"My team and I decided to do some research. The main aim of this research is to discover hidden problems and problems that we don’t expect to find while expanding in different business sectors. There will be a series of posts with discussions so feel free to write your comments or describe your personal experience and vision.

So, the first post will be about the financial sector. What are the problems that banks and loan companies face while enterprise development?

 \#RedMonkey #Research #bank #fintech"
"[""If we are talking about traditional financial companies, then this is a lack of innovation. The fintech startup market is dynamic and it's taking an increasing share of the financial market. Innovating requires trained digital transformation teams and good budgets. The solution to this challenge is often [outsourcing fintech development](https://mobidev.biz/services/fintech-software-development).  \nThe second challenge is security. Financial companies are the number one target for hackers, so security systems must be really advanced and designed with the main vulnerabilities and attacks in mind.\n\nFinally, regulation is something that many fintech businesses suffer from. Fintech regulation differs from country to country, and it's very difficult to scale when you have to work within several legal fields and take all this into account in your product."", 'Friction or inertia of investor account mobility due to repapering risk', 'Did you face these troubles on your own experience or it is just you research?', 'Can you please explain this?', 'I work with fintech startups, so this is kind of my experience', ""Say an investor hasn't account at some institution and they realize they have a better solution for them at a different institution....  There's considerable friction to change.\n\nAlso intermediaries such as financial advisors,. Can't really just pick the best solution because of this friction.  If they wanted to move customers from one custodian bank to another they would have to repaper paper those investors and that repapering process, is operationally burdensome and results in a danger of attrition.\n\nThese costs and risks make repapering much less frequent than otherwise It would economically be based on the quality of solutions offered by the various institutions."", 'what is your role at working with fintech startups?', 'The banks know this. And it demotivates them to innovate.', 'My company provides software development services for fintech companies']"
