0
Transitioning from a banker to FinTech
2022-09-21 04:59:26
Hello guys! I’ve been working as a banker for about three years now at one of the biggest banks in the states. Lately I’ve been looking into switching it up and learning more so I could get a job in fintech. What are some suggestions? How does a banker with sales experience get a job in fintech? All advise would be appreciated! Thanks
"['Based on your post it seems you are coming from the retail side with the sales experience. The easiest transition would be to an Account Manager or similar role. Effectively sales and customer service. Similarly if you would like to get into the actual tech side of things you may want to explore how to transition to back-office technical roles at the bank to gain experience and then transition.', 'Not sure what your role at the bank is, but fintech infrastructure selling into banks would likely be a good fit. Something like Solid, alloy, etc.', 'I assume you’re in commercial sales at your bank. If so, then I’d focus on B2B fintechs. AP/AR solutions like Viewpost, Bill.com, or Billtrust. Expense management like Fyle or Ramp. Payroll like Gusto or invoice factoring like LSQ. Your target markets would be similar and since many of these players have embedded finance offerings, your banking experience would be a value add.', 'You might have ample experience related to the field. Try to get some IT or project management certificates. Brief coding knowledge will help too.', 'Tons of room for sales in fintech, specifically B2B’s..selling BAAS to start up’s, etc. in fact outside of devs and operations, sales is the most integral part of a well oiled machine. Really just echoing the other posts, check out the the younger companies too tons of exciting work being done, just gotta hone your interest, see: mesh.Pay (meshymesh.com), Xcredit (myxcredit.com) good luck', 'I don’t think you should focus at a lateral type of movement going from banking to fintech, your previous experience can be applicable in a wide array of product development positions. I would try to jump into these “buy now, pay later” startups because they are hiring in droves, you’ll be exposed to numerous positions at the onset and rapid advancement is common. Look into Sezzle (it is in the Midwest though ), they are hiring !', 'Thanks for the response. Correct! Banker in a retail store. I’ve been looking into the Account Manager position. Even though it would be a decent pay cut I’m sure it has its perks!', 'Thanks for the good suggestions! Looking into those companies at the moment. I definitely can see where I can add more value.', 'I’m in the Midwest too! Definitely will look into the company more']"
