0
What really is the role of fintech in finance?
2022-09-22 07:50:49
"This is probably a pretty general or simple question for here but I’m pretty new to fintech/financial technology but I’m curious to what *really* is the role of impact of technology, I always hear it improves efficiency and accuracy but never any specifics to *how* this new financial technology does these things and what it is actually improving or removing any unnecessary tasks from intermediaries/banks etc."
"[""Banks are 30 years behind in technology and 99% of them don't have the resources to develop tech on their own."", 'Generally they are looking to disrupt or improve existing systems in place. Banks are risk adverse so to adopt blockchain for example, banks don’t want to jump feet first; that’s partly where fintech plays a part.', 'Most Neobanks add nothing', ""Neobank is the simplest example, as for me. Imagine a traditional bank with a complex structure, costs for premises, support of branches, managers, document processing and so on. From the client's point of view, in order to open an account, you need to visit a bank branch and show your documents, which must be scanned by a bank employee and entered into the database. How much time will you spend on it and how much time and money will the bank spend on it?\n\nNow imagine that you want to open an account in a neobank. You download an app, take a photo of your ID, and the system automatically extracts the necessary data from there and enters it into the database. You get an account and you don't even need to talk to the manager. How much time will you spend on it and how much more profitable will it be for the bank itself?\n\nThe advantage of fintech in the use of technologies for automation, and this allows optimizing business models from the point of view of internal processes, interaction with users, cost reduction, and the like. Fintech is beneficial for financial companies and convenient for users."", ""Fintech has unbundled traditionally monolithic (bank) functions into services that are simplified and much more efficient for end users and developers. A couple of examples:\n\nIf you look at Plaid (or MX), they've made it possible to grant real-time access / visibility to your banking data from nearly any bank in minutes. Previously, it would be cumbersome in the best case to share a detailed look at your data by pulling it from the bank directly in some form. \n\nStripe. They started by attacking simplified online payments implementation and management from the developer's perspective and they did that very, very well. They've now grown into a fintech behemoth that offers easy-to-user payment rails for basically every kind of money movement for businesses. They've launched a treasury product to allow businesses to build their own neo banks on top of their platform. They also launched stripe connect which competes directly with Plaid as a financial data sharing product.\n\n&#x200B;\n\nIn both cases, these companies achieved success by being laser-focused on real problems in finance that the banks weren't incentivized to do or were incapable of doing. The innovation is not creating new financial concepts, but creating tools and platforms for businesses looking to create financial products themselves. I think this has led to the explosion of neo-banks and neo-cards that has pushed the entire finance space forward."", 'A bank was a place where you were bringing in real money and then got a paper that said you had something deposited in the bank. Now you can do this, and much more, on your mobile phone, laying on the couch!']"
