0
Help with getting money back and filing lawsuit against chime financial
2022-10-07 07:56:44
I sent $200 to the wrong account number but right routing number to chime and they both won’t return the money even with proof it never went to my account that I had with them and is in limbo somewhere in the ach system. I can’t find an attorney to represent me with this issue. Can anyone help? It’s really not even about the money at this point. Just immoral and shitty companies/fintechs
"['Report it to the CFPB', 'If you sent it from your bank to chime you should be able to dispute the ach withdrawal with your  bank.', 'CFPB is your best course of action IMO.', 'I did and they actually lied on there saying I transferred 200.47 and closed my account but that was literally from another bank and I did that to get their sign up bonus of $100.', 'I did and they found nothing 🙉', 'Refile. Upload any screenshots of proof you have.', 'You may need to elaborate more if you want help on this. I see you have posted it to a few places without much response and that is due to the lack of clarity. When you say “they found nothing” are you saying they didn’t find the ach withdrawal?  Or they didn’t find an error? that is not how reg e works. If $200 came out of your account at xyz bank via ach, your bank can and should recall that ach from chime.', 'Filed a dispute with Northone the original bank they found no error. Biggest issue was there was no bank connect like others have I had to manually type in my account and routing number and that’s where the issue began because the other banks you have to sign in to your bank directly. Attorneys want a shit ton of money to get it back and I figured could just sue for attorney fees + $200 for all this bs but I guess not.', 'They say they found the transaction but I think that’s cap. They basically said the found no error. How? but even with a CFPB dispute they said $200.47 came out my account not even mentioning the transaction coming in which I did send another one to the right account number a week later but I’m still -200. So idk if they were investigating an entirely different transaction or what.']"
