0
Top fintech country in Europe
2022-10-14 01:42:04
"Hi everyone,

Been in the fintech for last 3 years. Now together with 4 colleagues establishing our own e-money institution. Currently picking the country to get licensed at.

Legals are suggesting Lithuania, but I'm not sure how the future investors would take the fact that you are licensed in such small country (does not sound great). Other options are Netherlands and Ireland. 

What are your experience on this? Where are you licensed and why? What are the lessons learned from licensing process in regards to the country? Any tips?"
"[""Lithuania is known to have a compliant governing body for e money licenses. Compare it to spain (v difficult) or even Ireland (v popular), and its definitely a route companies go down. Haven't been involved in it myself (only have for Spain, would not recommend)."", 'Lithuania also provides direct SEPA access through the central bank for e money institutions. https://www.lb.lt/en/centrolink#ex-1-4', ""Ireland is not that bigger then Lithuania, but I don't think size really matters here. Netherlands might sound more solid, but then again you have big names like Revolut, Paysera with LT banking license. Baltic states in general are getting increasingly popular to fintech industry and no bad reputation like Malta or Cyprus."", 'Lithuania is a legitimate option, it’s more about customer perception than anything. If you issue IBANs they’ll have LT at the beginning.\n\nLithuania is easiest, Ireland and Lux are popular as the regulator and regulations are pretty good and tax implications are great.', ""I would opt for an 'easier' jurisdiction to start. Nothing wrong with it, as long as you have the EU license.\nYou might want to consider moving the ops into a more established jurisdiction after your organisation gotten bigger and had some track record.\n\nI am currently seeing a smaller fintech doing exactly this and it worked out for them."", 'Definitely not in Czech Republic.', ""What's wrong with Spain?"", ""How's the service there? Have any experience?"", ""Thanks! Isn't Lithuania more of a 'light' country in regulatory matters? Like Malta or Cyprus"", ""I'm a bit afraid of negative impact on eadier jurisdictions lateron. \n\nWe eventually landed in Lithuania. So far so good - very nice regulator in terms of communication and engagement."", ""What's wrong with them? Looking at a potential partner residing there atm....."", ""It's just much slower to get the license than the other (more typical) countries I mentioned.""]"
