0
Looking for new project
2022-10-15 19:18:55
"Hi everyone,  
I'm a senior developper willing to start a new project in fintech, I have 10 years of experience in programming, I can handle the full web app development, I'm French but did all my career in London.  


I'm looking for someone in the finance field who would want to start a fintech project, possibly in DeFi, so I'm open for any ideas. (I'm willing to sign a non disclosure agreement of course)  
My competences: Infrastructure (AWS CDK, Serverless, K8s) Backend (Go, GraphQL), Front-end (Typescript/ReactJS/NextJS) Blockchain (ethereum). (I don't do design and have just a small experience in mobile/AI)  


Example of projects related to finance/trading i work work for in the past: HFT arbitrage, liquidity providing, NFT marketplace.  


If any of you is interested, don't hesitate to come to have a talk in MP."
"['Will dm', ""Hi, let's talk!"", 'Sopra Banking is looking for developers and they are a French company with global offices - check them out 🤙', ""Hi, i am in Dubai and will be setting up a team for building a moneyverse.. can't guarantee any salary, DM if keen.. best of luck for your hunt.."", 'This sounds interesting, and while I cannot help with the development of the project, I am confident that my writing skills can be of potential use to you. \n\nI have been a FinTech content writer for the past 3 years and I have worked in an IT company for 2 years (got that technical knowledge in me). \n\nLet me know if you are interested in getting started with articles and blog posts to build up your presence.', 'Hi, DM sent.', ""Thank you all for your messages, I've found a project."", 'Am also good in this aspect with my great team of developers', 'Vacuumlabs.com - they do some interesting stuff regarding fintech', '[deleted]', ""Hi, thanks for the tip, but i'm looking for an entrepreneurship adventure, not for a job :)"", 'this guy is looking for free work', '[deleted]', ""Absolutely true, which I politely refused, as I'd rather start a project from scratch, but apparently I'm not allowed."", 'Indaflow: Hi Pal, I saw your post about interest in a new Fintech product. We are an early stage fintech in the equipment finance space with a focus on automation and digital underwriting. Feel free to ping me if that could be of interest.  \n\n\nMe: Hi,The business sounds interesting, what is ""we"" ? and what would potentially be my interest in this? it sounds already ongoing  \n\n\nIndaflow: Hi there, We are a small team working to grow. While we have a construct of a product, it needs polish and I have a ""roadmap"" product I would like to get in place so we can support the small equipment finance broker space. In a small startup there is always more to do. Happy to tell you more if you are interested. Best, -Jake\n\nMe: Imagining that I would be interested, would i get a shared ownership or are you looking for an employee?\n\nIndaflow: It feel really early for that. We are big on opportunity and low on cash. We are taking revenues. It would be great to better understand your interests and capabilities and someone in between would be best. Some share and also payment for dev work. It depends on availability, what you can help us to accomplish. I would be happy to discuss and explore. Any interest to explore further?\n\nMe: Hi Jake,Sorry but I\'m wishing to be on first stage.Good luck']"
