0
Want to study Fintech in my Masters
2022-10-23 19:58:10
"I’ve been working as a PM in Fintech startups for three years. I think it’s time to go abroad to study Fintech. Anybody got an idea of the best affordable school ? 

P.S: I’m Nigerian in Nigeria so cost really a big factor, interested in scholarships as well"
"[""Is there a specific part of Fintech you're interested in? Banking, crypto/defi, lending, servicing the unbanked? Do you want to be a product manager, work in risk and compliance, be an engineer, or something else?\n\nTo be honest I don't see much value in a degree specifically in Fintech. The field is too broad to be covered in one degree like that. Depending on what you want to do in your career, a master's in computer science, economics, or finance/banking, or even an MBA might serve you better.\n\nSpeaking as an engineer who worked in Fintech for a few years in the US. Just my opinion."", 'I took the masters of digital innovation for Fintech from Brandeis online.', 'I would do a CFA + FRM instead', 'I believe you’re better off with an MBA from a good, reputable school. You can do more with that.\n\nYou can take online courses for certifications in fintech, which is what I did.', 'Agree with you, I got a fintech master’s degree in Italy and it’s too broad, it does help on connecting with the fintech ecosystem a bit more, but OP seems to have decent experience in the area . I would highly recommend looking for very technical or more specific master’s degrees such as data analytics or supply chain management.', 'Please what is FRM ?', 'Can you help with some certifications online please ?', 'Honestly would like to leave Nigeria (don’t want to talk about the issues with the country here). I also want to continue my career in Fintech as I enjoy it so much, initial thought is that the masters will be a good get out of jail card for me', 'I get it, I went from Latin America to Italy pretty much for the same reasons. There are plenty of options and different areas you could study but if you want to do fintech that’s good too. Anyway, you can look into MIP Polimi Fintech program in Italy.']"
