0
Thinking about switching to fintech from embedded/iot.
2022-10-24 10:22:52
"I've been in embedded for a while and supply chain issues have got me down.  I'm more of a software guy than a hardware guy, but even if I'm not a the hardware person on a project, all my projects live and die by weather we can get a stable supply of parts which we can't lately.  I like the idea of fintech because I can probably do more or less the same job, but not need to make hardware in volume.  Anyway, I only know so much about the industry so I was hoping people could weigh in on what type of jobs I might be good for.

Here is the relevant ""skills"" section from my resume:

Programing Languages: C/C++, Python, ladder logic, bash

Technologies: Linux, Yocto, buildroot, uboot, virtualization/containerization, AWS, VPN/tunneling, Ansible, MQTT, tensorflow, openCV, Robotics Operating System, ALSA, PLC, continuous integration, unit testing

Interested in learning: Agile, automated hardware testing, FPGA, ASIC design, hydraulics, drones, Haskel, fancy math, formal verification, pentesting, 6+ axis industrial robot arms

Without boring you all on the rest of my background, the TL;DR is I worked in scene shops for a few years out of college (biology degree) making weird things, then started an electronics consulting business in 2019, did some projects for Disney and other big names, then helped a few small businesses make some prototypes get some patents on their inventions.  For the last year I have mostly been making custom electronics for a security/surveillance company.

&#x200B;

I'm in chicago. "
"['Yeah, chip shortage is a real thing. \n\nHappy to chat. Been on both sides. Lots of smiles are transferable. Even some hardware stuff can go well into making POS things. \n\nA question to start with: why FinTech?\n\nP.S. there are also supply chain constraints in FinTech, but they usually come from access level and data level.', 'I can dm you', ""I like making AI/IOT gadgets, but I feel like I'm starting to see the celling a bit.  I'm in chicago so fintech is just one of the major tech fields that's available around here.  Process of elimination.  I don't want to do websites, apps, or databases.  I'm self taught, and comfortable in my niche of microcontrollers, and embedded linux, and I have a fondness for FPGAs but I have only done open source projects with them.  I would probably love to use my computer skills to help science nerds with their research, but I don't think that's where the money is at.  And like I said, I want to get away from quick turn, and design for manufacturing because a year ago we were hoping supply chains would be better by now and they have gotten worse."", 'Please do.', ""dm'ed""]"
