0
Easy way to send a few thousand people $4-$10 each?
2022-10-29 22:26:12
"I am making a website that will pay people to complete one-time data entry tasks. I am looking for a way to pay them automatically. I'm open to various solutions such as bank transfers, crypto, PayPal/Venmo, etc, as long as it's really easy for newbies to receive their payment. A US-only solution would be fine though it would be really nice if it worked internationally.

So far the best solution I found to pay people is with the [PayPal payouts] (https://developer.paypal.com/docs/payouts/standard/integrate-api/) API. This requires users to have a PayPal/Venmo account. Their fee is $0.25 per payment.

Any better solutions? Thank you so much."
"['ACH credits. Straight to a bank account.', 'I work in a space where one of the most expensive parts of our business is payouts. We almost exclusively use PayPal because their 25 cent transaction fee is _by far_ the cheapest option. The only real option for payouts of this kind at the prices that will make sense for micro transactions is crypto.', 'Could buy Amazon vouchers in bulk then give a redemption code/link to participants', ""It's crazy essy to set up a crypto wallet. Just transfer any low fee coin like Matic or Cardano, or even bitcoin to be honest. Won't cost more than a cent and a lot of people would be happy to leave it in the wallet and be glad if they don't touch it for a few years."", 'Check out nano too', 'RTP payouts to bank accounts! Check out https://orum.io', 'Crypto makes this super easy. Get their wallet address and you’re good to go!', 'I think Chimoney would be a an interesting solution for bulk payments: https://chimoney.io/', 'Thank you for the reply, are you referring to something like Dwolla Mass Pay? Or something directly through my bank? (Not sure how to do it programmatically.)', ""if you do crossborder, then I'd suggest something like Payoneer/Wise.\n\nif its within US, then gift vouchers are the way to go I suppose. You can also get those sweet credit card reward points"", ""Awesome idea! I didn't think of that, thanks!"", 'Thank you, I will check it out! Which crypto wallet would you say is very easy to use?', 'RTP and AFT are going to be over $0.40 per send which is probably not going to be the cheapest method. They are going to be the fastest method though..', 'Yea dwolla will work but any high volume ACH payment processor should work', 'We use wise for anything international currently. Though, open to other suggestions. Luckily our international volume is relatively low.', 'Depending on the country..\nCoinbase is probs the best option for usa, coinspot or swyftx for Australia.', 'Thanks; when I search for ACH payment processors, I find companies such as such as Stripe and GoCardless that only allow you to collect payments, not send. Do you know of another one designed for mass sending?', ""Wise should work out just fine! I've worked with Payoneer before but they have their flaws"", 'Thank you I will check them out :)', 'cant you get an account with a bank like Mercury? which should have APIs to help you send these mass payouts?  \nsometimes, you bank itself might have a batch transfer option.', 'OK thanks I will check out Mercury!']"
