0
Im 25 and finally excited to be learning after finding fintech
2022-10-30 04:37:34
"Hi everyone. So I currently moved to the USA and I’m almost done with my paper work to allow me to work and study here. 

The last 2 years during covid I’ve found myself loving finance, learning about personal finance but never thought about working in it since I was super focus on building a career in tech. 

I’ve realized that fintech offer me a little bit of both and I love that. But I don’t find much information on jobs and progressive career in this field. I currently don’t have a technical background. 

Anyone can let me know what’s jobs I can apply for in fintech? Also, do I need any internship in finance too? I’m a little bit confused about what are my options in this field. 

Thank you!"
"['Go sales or data science', 'PMO (program management office) is always a good entry point if your communication and organisational skills are sharp your base tech knowledge would be advantageous. You can then leverage that PMO role to pivot into other functions that you are more interested in, as you will touch on most aspects of fintech in your first year. (Product / tech / BI || data analytics / finance / legal & compliance etc etc - a pmo would work with most of these business units, a good learning and growth path) - from a current fintech AD level person who started as PMO. Good luck.', 'You need to ask yourself what fintech means to you and what kinds of jobs will satisfy you.  Fintech is a really diverse field because many large established players, many tiny startups, and everything in the middle will call themselves fintech.  It sounds like you should look for an entry-level, non-engineering position.  If you want to be on the technical side of things as a non-technical employee, look for titles like business analyst, requirements analyst, team/project/program coordinator.  Especially look for companies that will value your passion for personal finance.  I think you will find a lot more jobs like these at midsize and larger companies.\n\nThe best case is you might find a company that could make use of your native language (if not English) and your personal ties to your home country, as these could make your CV stand out from American applicants.\n\nGood luck!', 'Interesting so many people tell me data science / analyst. But why? Is it easier to get without going back to college?', 'Thank you so much. Neve heard of that position. Any specific degree that’s necessary? Also, inside fintech what are some of the positions that are more related to the finance part than tech?', 'Also, is program management office the same as program manager?', 'Can confirm - I just landed my first Fintech role at a PMO after graduating with my MBA and passing PMP.', 'Thank you so much to take your time. I agree with you, a lot of companies do advertise themselfs as fintech and I personally don’t always think it’s right. \n\nI am from Portugal, really small and poor country in Europe where people really don’t have a lot of information in finance like we do in the USA. \n\nI would like to work my way up to where I’m able to learn more about the product side and maybe in the future find / found solutions for those who don’t have access to the right informations that can change their future for better. \n\nBut I don’t know if for that, I should focus on technical or business part', 'No, its a power space, that is attainable to learn, in demand, can be useful across many finance disciplines. Get involved. \n\nIf you want take an Udemy or Coursera Course for $20 for background and to better understand.', 'Yup same, a program manager manages multiple projects across many functions, kind of the air traffic controller of a business priority. (A project manager is more tech specific focused and might manage a new product release from tech side etc) - using agile mostly (or waterfall still sometimes) methodology to manage a program (new initiative / release/ business model) from inception to execution', 'I love Portugal!  Your country is beautiful.  Have you looked for a company trying to do business in Brazil?  Even though the Portuguese spoken there is probably somewhat different from yours, saying you are a native speaker of Portuguese could help a lot to get an interview.\n\nIt is hard to say whether you need to be on technical or non-technical teams to meet your goals, but if your passion is to work in the industry, I suggest being very open-minded about the first job you will take to start your career.', 'Awesome! Thank you', 'Yes I love my country love! But I do find more opportunities here so for now I choose to stay. Yes portuguese is different form the portuguese-Brazilian but I do understand everything, but they don’t understand me sometimes. I’ll look into. Thank you!']"
