0
"For those at Money2020, which company was the most interesting?"
2022-10-31 23:13:17
""
"[""MX. Because it was not the MX I was used to. In fact, I am recommending we not renew our contract with MX and move in a different direction.\n\nI'll be frank, MX has got to be either ignorant or stupid, maybe both. MX had RIF/layoffs of 200+ people yet their new CEO keeps going off about the MX Mission. MFer its a bit hypocritical to talk about how you will make people financially strong when my sales rep, customer service rep, their managers, and their managers' managers have all been let go and are no longer at the company AND you did it right before the Holiday season. Thats not who I signed up to do business with. Now, no one seems to care for my company and my business. I  stopped by Chica where MX was parked to chat with the team and figure out what to do. My bank is worth almost 7 figures worth of business to MX and your team was pitching us hard on your open banking solution this past year.\n\nI think I am going to look at other options now and just rip and replace everything that we do with MX. I already began cursory conversations with my online banking and mobile provider, after my M2020/Chica interaction. It's not worth it anymore. MX was like a cult you wanted to be a part of and now the cult has been exposed, kind of like the Mormon church. \n\nOther items that excited me some of the future and commercial use of NFTs seem to be maturing quickly beyond art. It feels like the NFT companies are starting to figure out a real start up strategy.\n\nIdentity/KYC/KYB was overwhelming and nothing stood out as ground breaking that would make me do something overwhelmingly different.\n\nSMB is the big indie music group that no one noticed but is about to open up for a major act and go mainstream.  Lama.ai for embedded SMB was the biggest wow. I am not sure what their expansion in the US is yet, but it was apparent they are early but it looks great. We are looking to stand up an embedded banking team and Lama might be one of the systems we utilize for SMB. Boss Insights was there at the Ontario booth which was confusing but good on Canada for supporting their locally owned businesses. It is an interesting solution for sure. Codat was there and I did not set something up as I have talked to them in the past.  Its all building up to actual robo-advising if someone gets the SMB data and data agg right. I missed my connection window with a guy from Customers Bank and the Live Oak team was there like always. I tend to want to know what they will do and follow a year or two later. \n\nOther notes, Q2 continues to intrigue me. Its like Q2 is ready to go big with great tech, but it is not 100% of the way there and gets in its own way. Too many acquisitions and separate business to manage I guess. If I stood up a neobank arm, I would probably take a look at Helix."", ""There were a bunch. KnotAPI was one that stands out. They offer an API that automatically updates a user's saved card-on-file when migrating banks. Interestingly enough their customer is the bank or fintech rather than the user. Seems like their play is increasing interchange revenue."", 'Great post!', 'ZenBill seemed to be pretty cool.', 'Any open banking APIs worth looking at other than Plaid? I want banking, investment, and payroll APIs all in one. I talked to Morningstar, Truv, and Pinwheel but none of them did all 3 in one.', ""In general, is it worth it? I couldn't participate this year but I'm now thinking about visiting Money 2024. So wdyt of this year's event?"", 'The technology behind legacy Q2 digital banking is astonishingly old. And the tech mismatch between acquired companies is crazy.', 'Super compréhensive reply! Thanks for sharing your thoughts.', 'Great write up! Really appreciate this in-depth response. \n\n>  Its all building up to actual robo-advising if someone gets the SMB data and data agg right. \n\nJust sent you a DM about this! \\^J', 'What are your thoughts on Sardine? Seems like they have some heat and with Simon Taylor coming over from 11FS seems like there’s some faith there. We’re looking at a few of these biometric fraud APIs but I’ve been impressed with Sardine’s push in multiple fronts', 'Very cool!', ""Klarna Kosma for open finance - not for payroll, but I am not sure that I saw anything about Kosma. Seems to be largely not talked about much. Looks like its still early in the US based on the API docs and US based FI's, but there are a good amount on the platform already. It looks like the only Open Finance system that will have international capability if I am reading the cards right."", 'My company is likely going with sardine after reviewing pretty much everything under the sun. Not the cheapest solution, but certainly the best architected one', 'Honestly, I didn’t look. I had other priorities of what to look at. Fraud and Identity will be later. Simon and 11:FS are top notch. Simon would only go to a firm that is at the peak of financial services.\n\nMy priorities are ripping out my big 3 core for an API cloud core, creating a bank level API so we can add better tech, easier.\n\nSecond is actually Online Account Opening.\n\nThird was tracking embedded and SMB. We gained a lot of new business in the last 2 years. I Want to keep them babies and not move towards cashflow lenders. Cashflow loans are not highly profitable and gum up our Loan Ops team with low priority notes that I would be glad to give to someone else. My SMB borrowers and customers need my bank to be proactive and save business owners time and provide real, value-add services.\n\nFourth was investing in a VC fund for bank tech, met with some folks to understand what they want.\n\nFourth was payroll API and alternative credit scoring. We want to offer services to give people a second chance or get loans at a reasonable rate if they do not have credit or their credit sucks. Lots of solutions but we are trying to articulate a policy on committee first before we get active on the hunt.', 'Thanks!']"
