0
Massive pandemic relief fraud has Congress eyeing digital IDs | Fintech platforms help US regulators weigh security benefits of digital IDs.
2022-11-01 00:17:46
""
"[""If they're that worried about people getting a few extra scraps they must really be mad about all the PPP loan fraud, right?"", 'Omfg this was brought up before the package was passed and everyone said this would happen.\n\nAlso, let’s police congress, their stock trades, and their bank accounts, too.', 'Yes. Let’s put our identifications solely inside systems susceptible to hacking. That’s a great idea.', 'Yeah absolutely not.  No digital ID ever.  The government cant be trusted not to abuse it.', ""Really bad idea to let the government track and trace every penny you spend with a digital ID. Look at China's system and their social credit score. You say bad things about your government in China and your social score plummets. Now you can't shop in certain places or use certain forms of transportation. The real question is why our government chooses not to properly investigate fraud and properly vet those who apply for funds. Instead they have hired tons of new IRS agents to go after the law abiding taxpayers."", 'Have seen some comments about goverment tracking/surveillance. Just wanted to inform that there are protocols schemas to enable self sovereign identities where the holders can share verifiable proof of credentials issued by the goverment without the government knowing who you share them with.\nEsencially you could use a digital ID at a bar/bank without the goverment knowing.\nThere are already frameworks stablishing standards and implementations in Europe, Canada, New Zeland...', '*Marjorie Taylor Greene and Matt Gaetz have left the chat.*', '[deleted]', ""If we can imagine the worst, then we can plan for the risks.\n\nThere are enough mature encryption tech and robust processes to ensure your digital data is all protected, and only given to those that have need to know access.\n\nThe digital identity is becoming a larger part of everyone's life. Ignoring it, thinking it's still some kind of alternative reality where anyone can escape is the wrong way to go about managing a country in the digital era. The anonymous side and digitally verified side already coexist today, the government keeping up is a good thing and can be done right."", '[deleted]', 'Estonia has adopted this with seemingly good results.', 'Because clouds are the new excuse to not fully develop proper IT security. Sorry to say but even distributed computing can be prone to problems. I’ve seen people gain admin credentials or higher on poorly maintained networks. Pivots are a real thing. When you’re the attackers you have time on your side. \n\nIt neat to see other countries relationships with their economic and industrial sectors. \n\nAgain: eliminating all air gapped processes to streamline identity verification is foolish. It better be inclusive of proper air gapped strategies. \n\nIt’s hilarious even when, say, a bit coin miners owner freaks out when they lose their treasure trove. \n\nI’m not bashing A FORM of digital ID. I’m bashing it’s very possible shoddy implementation. \n\nJust look to US cellular carriers. The customers equipment and last mile data delivery is pretty decent. But no carrier ever invest in the backbone…. So my 5G phone is constantly listing LTE communication protocols. That’s an illustration of a contractor or companies incompetent choice to push profit over customer satisfaction and security.', 'KALI is very very versatile and pretty powerful. And never ever underestimate virtual machines.', ""It's not the tech most of us are worried about. It's the potential misuse by a government that's already very corrupt."", ""So long as it's never made mandatory then that's fine. But the companies you named have high level executives and engineers who formerly worked in various defense and intelligence agencies. But I'm sure that's just a coincidence ;)""]"
