0
Facebook workers are reportedly under duress as Meta stock craters
2022-11-01 05:01:16
""
"['The value of their RSU grants is dropping fast. That’s a part of their total comp package that is 30% of what it was a year ago.', 'I like this trend of billionaires doing stupid things and ruining themselves', ""It's like when people finally figured out Yahoo was just a search engine."", 'Facebook being worth less than Home Depot is truly hilarious.', ""\\> Workers must “put in 200% effort” within three months — or quit\n\nScrew that. I'd be putting in my usual 100%, and if that is not good enough then fire me and give me my severance."", ""Msn keeps saying 'duress'.   I don’t think that word means what msn thinks it means."", 'Facebook is dying\nTwitter is dying\n\nWhat a glorious time to be alive', 'Oh no! Now they will migrate over to *gasp* fintech.', 'I’m really looking forward to the fall of social media. The world has become far too toxic for its own good.', 'Meta employee here - I will write a longer post about how the company poisons the mind of people with the amazing perks, offsites, and free food. The company is in the gutter. I’ve been here since 2016 and leadership is fleeing.', 'Does everyone have food? I wonder if we should help them with meals and food.', ""Definitely a lack of productivity is at fault here and not the fact that they've pivoted to building vaporware that almost no one wants. The hubris here is immeasurable."", 'tell me again why CEOs are worth what they get paid? \n\nIf it goes well. Good me. \nIf it goes poor. Bad workers.', 'Ok. Let’s think about this… company having challenges. Ok, what should we do. How about we threaten all employees with job loss if they don’t work 100% harder. Great strategy. I’m sure all the talented folks who could make a difference will now be spending their time on linked in and looking for a new job.', 'Oh no! So anyway…', 'That must be a truly shitty feeling seeing your stock comp’s value reduced to the point that it cut out months or years worth of wages', ""A lot of us have worked for startups that had trouble making payroll and/or went under. Nobody is entitled to have their stock options allow them to retire at 40  Facebook still pays well. If working conditions deteriorate to the point an employee's quality of life deteriorates, they should be able to find a new gig having facebook on their resume. Forgive me for lacking symparhy."", ""Rest and vest works great, until it doesn't work."", 'Reminds me of the rise and fall of yahoo. Stock hit 500 at peak .com craze and cratered to the single digits', 'When a large portion of your compensation package is in deferred company stock and the future prospect isn’t looking too hot, yea that’s make me worried too.', ""This shit doesn't even work in the military where service members quite literally have fewer rights than citizens.\n\nAll it does is burns people out and they end up leaving or hurting themselves.\n\nIt can also be used as a tool to 'justify' the removal of higher paid folks to hire on low-wage workers as replacements."", 'What will all that influencers do now?\n\nWho will see their butts now?\n\nSaved by OnlyFans!', 'Meta = MySpace 2.0', 'Gavin Belson wibes. Lol', 'Even when they first announced it, my first thought was ""Why the fuck would I care about this""?\n\nThis is something that should have been cancelled after 10 minutes.', 'What is this schadenfreude I feel every day I read a headline describing the rapidly decaying cesspool that is meta and FB? 😆🎉🚀🔥👍🏼 I suppose dumpster fires are fun to watch🤷🏻\u200d♂️', 'Under duress?!?  Do they know what that word means?', 'Cant wait untill facebook goes bankrupt', 'Here’s me not giving a federal fuck', 'Boom and bust in Silicon Valley, a way of life.', 'Oh dear. \nAnyway….', 'The air of *inevitable layoffs* will do that.', ""Poor zuck, stealing everybody's data, whatever the means.\n\nEven stole facebook, when it came time to make your own moves, it's a disaster.\n\nYou need someway to take advantage of people, that's your style."", ""It's currently a race to the bottom."", 'What does that mean under duress?', ""> “This is a period that demands more intensity, and I expect us to get more done with fewer resources,” Zuckerberg said at the time. “We're currently going through the process of increasing the goals for many of our efforts. Previously challenging periods have been transformational for our company and helped us develop our next generation of leaders. I expect this period to be no different.”\n\nEnter tech debt death spiral.  Last one to leave turn the lights off."", '> “This is a period that demands more intensity, and I expect us to get more done with fewer resources,” Zuckerberg said at the time.\n\nThis is a management problem. If you’re asking workers to do more with less, you either weren’t asking enough of them to begin with and likely have lackluster employees who just tick off the right boxes for your sentiments, or you put a terrible plan in front of them to execute on and now you’re making them scramble because of your stupid decisions. (I’m sure there will be no management in the initial layoffs which are coming.)\n\nIn Meta’s case it’s probably both. I’ve heard of plenty of cases where Meta’s basically paying employees to be full time activists if they make the right excuses. And the other obvious one is that the metaverse is a complete disaster that likely will destroy the company. They wasted billions of dollars on something which had barely any demand. They got so used to telling Facebook users “this is a new features we say you want and you’re gonna like it” and expected that to work with their metaverse. Very expensive lesson for them.', 'Oh boo hoo.  You chose to work for an arrogant egomaniac running a disinformation platform for old conspiracy-obsessed weirdos.', 'With the bullshit they brought into this world in the past 3 years by giving a speaking platform to troll armies, anti vaxxers, conspiracies nuts and extremists, I feel no sympathy for facebook, their corporation or their employees. They deserve all this. I want  them to implode and to be studied as a lesson in future years.', 'So you mean to say - what goes up also often comes down? Huh.', ""I.watched a video of a R/D creator bragging about her Facebook job and how luxurious it was.   Wonder how that's going now?"", 'I watched so many friends get burned during the dot com bubble bust. They all jumped from a very stable bank to “the next big thing” and were getting signing bonuses of thousands of options, and bonuses of even more options. \nThen the bubble burst before any of the options vested. \nHow many of these Facebook employees were counting on options either in their 401K or just in general? Sucks for them.', 'Maybe they shouldn’t have gone to work for a translucent sociopath.', 'Unpopular opinion: FB employees (and FAANG employees in general) are highly coveted. They could literally work anywhere, yet they chose to work at a company known to aid a genocide in Myanmar and spread misinformation. They’re either complicit or sold out for money. They don’t deserve empathy.', 'They should have seen the writing on the wall and started job hopping years ago when they changed the name to “Meta”.   Those that stayed because they actually thought the Metaverse would actually catch on and work are dumb and should not be employable in tech ever again.', 'Capitalism - the system that can strip you of your of stability and being able to take care of your basic needs because rich people are mad about their stocks', 'So glad I permanently deleted Facebook and Instagram in 2020.   I don’t regret it one bit!', 'Everyone is under duress on tech side. Almost all stocks are screwed may be except a few like Apple.', 'Oh no!\n\n…anyway', 'They should just quit', ""They're all crying in the parking lot in their Teslas"", 'FB employee here. As a joke, a few of us tried getting an internal Meta ticker added to our internal profile pages and were denied as the widget “does not represent a need nor is it a productivity enhancement” \n\nI disagreed, seemed like an ever present incentive to do better work', ""Oh poor babies. I've been in tech decades. I could line my puppies cage with the worthless stock options from so many companies even when the markets were booming. Boo hoo. Welcome to the real world."", 'Oh no. I feel so bad for them. /s', 'Tech employees have been enjoying lavish pay for years. Now, reality hits and they want to have a pity party. No sympathy from me. If you can’t save your money for tines like these, sounds like a personal problem.', 'They made the decision to work for an unethical company \\*shrug\\*', 'It’s horrific compensation destruction across tens of thousands of employees.  The employees are compensated with stock options that vest over several years. If you’ve been there less than five years your entire stock option compensation is currently out of the money. It’s worthless.  It will take years if ever for those options to be in the money and most options have a shelf life.', 'Lol, learn to code hovers!\n\nOh, wait....', 'Crater twitter next! All cesspools', 'Stock is a steal at these prices', 'I feel bad for the employees but not for Zuck.', 'I think metà has potential, but it will probably be after Zuckerberg is long gone', '[deleted]', 'How many of you got put in Facebook jail during Covid?', '[deleted]', 'They should be worried.   I’ve seen the bus stops for the Facebook buses in my neighborhood.   It’s primarily 20-something immigrants from various parts of Asia.   They hire people that are young, smart, and have no ethical attachments to America.   They do not have golden parachutes, just work visas that require them to get another job immediately or be deported.  Considering their job requires them to basically “destroy all culture and sell it to corporations”, no one will miss them.   Maybe when they leave it’ll lower the rent prices here a bit.', 'The only thing I’ll be sad about if all the social media companies and sites crater into a ball of flames is I won’t have anywhere to shitpost about it.', ""its HILARIOUS that meta is crashing and burning. it's sad that it's the workers that'll get the shit for it"", 'Zuck could still pull a CD Projekt Red.', 'MySpace all over again, except my space wasn’t a bad thing.', ""Maybe they shouldn't spend 4B/quarter (increasing 2023) on the Metaverse with nothing to show for it. Like investors need a plan where all this money is going."", 'All those bonuses that were paid in stock options, have taken a real hit. Thought you had money, but apparently you don’t.', 'Starting at the top would be a good idea…', 'Billy……likes soda!', 'It’ll make a rebound', ""Zuckerblerg said he was going to lose MORE in 2023.  So... the writing is on the wall.  It might be time to look for a job where you don't help out genocide of the Royhinga, or try to overthrow an election, or spread misinformation about dictators, or spread antivax information... wow, why is Facebook still around?"", 'MSN is just summarizing a piece from Business Insider\n\nhttps://www.businessinsider.com/facebook-managers-are-warning-employees-of-impending-layoffs-meta-2022-10\n\nLet’s not reward them for it; go to the original.', 'Yeah this bad news will be keeping me awake all ni............oh look, a cute kitten video!', 'Well……. Duh', 'Yeah I mean all those hours of doing Leetcode to then just watch your net worth dwindle. Better off being a plumber or electrician or something', 'Thanks me too now', ""Oh no! They'll have to get a job building something that's.... GASP.... not social media!"", 'Time to sell Meta is tanking might as well go under', 'meta is the first big failure of the great grinding recession', 'Good, thats what they get for working on meta lmao', '*reads post title.\n\n*immediately imagines employees chained to a desk and forced to live in the metaverse \n\n*regrets the image', 'Oh no, engineers are making $350k instead of the $500k they become accustomed to.', 'Love to see it', ""Its not their fault Zuckerberg is only good at stealing other people's ideas."", ""As would the employees of any company in a similar situation. Do we really need an article telling us that people don't like losing money?"", 'Daddy Elon please buy meta', 'Meta is not going bankrupt, it is still a very solid business and an incredible cash cow. The market is spooked by the recession talk and the crazy metaverse investment to nowhere but the company is still very profitable', 'I’d really enjoy Facebook if it wasn’t for the ads and the dumb videos and the absolutely enormous and pervasive population of bigots. Maybe fix those three things and reasonable people would use it more.', ""Sad because meta quest pro in my opinion is a game changer.  It's excellent but it's also just the first step in useable ar."", 'I am so happy this is happening to Facebook. No sugarcoating it, this has been a long time overdue.', ""Turning the screws like this to your employees never delivers what you think you are going to get.  Better to just randomly lay off X% of workers than put the entire company through this thinking that honest and non political game playing people are going to come out on top.\n\nIt's going to be lord of the flies over there, and that will destroy the company culture permanently (See: Microsoft)"", 'I would assume that numerous employees have stock options.  True?\n\nIf so, they are f**ked', 'First time?', 'There will be lay offs, Zuck did it!', 'You can have stuff set up as say we give you 100 shares worth of stock, but you get money instead. If the stock on hire was worth 200 a share total amount is 20k. If nothing changes on vest u get 20k in cash. If the stock price is now worth 100 a share, you will only be paid out 10k. All that formate is for is to allow compensation to track companies market performance. While not having the company needing to dilute shareholders to give stock compensation, although technically it’s still a cost, so less profits for shareholders, so it’s a similar deal.', 'Imagine: you sold your soul… for nothing! Bwaaa-haaa-ha!!!!', 'There’s this thing called ‘put options’. Maybe try that, Facebook worker!', ""I'm glad I stocked up on popcorn. When this thing goes it's gonna cause a world wide shortage."", 'I just picture the SpongeBob episode where all the spongebobs in the brain are rubbing around screaming as everything is on fire.', 'I remember when Facebook had a feed about what my friends were up to or questions being asked… now its scrolling through endless ads and shit posts from TikTok for perhaps a glimpse at my friends uodates, as if that will be entertaining and want me to keep visiting it.\n\nFB either needs an urgent rethink or roll over for its replacement', 'It hurt itself in its confusion', 'lol the thumbnail is perfect for the headline.', '&#x200B;\n\nSchadenfreude!', ""I currently get six figures in RSU's a year and ya, this market blows to say the least lol"", 'I keep seeing these articles about all the unpopular companies and think do people not realize the overall state of the stock market. Every major index is down big, of course growth stocks are going to be even worse.', 'good, hope they lose a few decades on their life from stress', 'Anyone working for Facebook is morally bankrupt. Fuck em', 'I’m not trying to be rude, but they fucking deserve it. I have a business and employees at the Austin office think it’s a joke to screw with my business and fuck with my livelihood. \n\nI’m currently ban for 25 days because I caught a pedophile try to talk to my minor who is the son and I shoot his ass out for it and I got banned for being mean to the pedophile\n\nThey just lost a case where they were trying to defend their actions by defending a pedophile and they just lost so now I’m thinking about getting a lawyer in cash in on that too since they did it to me and my son\n\nI Videos every video I post is flagged for copyright violation. Yeah, I’m a level up member which means I get to play music in my life streams. It can’t be the focus but it can be in the background doesn’t matter that it doesn’t matter what I do with privileges, I earn their employees like to sabotage those individuals and they, and I’m not the only one, and they all deserve to be fired and lose their jobs\n\nAll of our information to organizations that support the republican party and support violence against non-Republican members I could care less if they all fucking die they can take Mr. Zuckerberg with him, but if it will happen as he will kill them all like sacrifice their jobs do I reheat. Well, he exit for the parachute strategy.', 'Do not park in my spot or i park in your wife. Is this the message?', 'Facebook has been intensively trying to recruit me for last 6 years.  So glad I didnt bother with them at all.  They deserve to disappear after helping Trump win 2016 election illegitimately.', 'I love that they blame the employees and not the oligarch weirdo who thought VR office better than real office.', 'this is pretty interesting to watch a Meta/Facebook crashes and burns.', 'I’d be under duress working there in the best of times.', '[removed]', 'Good,  bunch of terrorists.  Did anyone else see that they had a direct portal for the government to request content be removed that the government claimed as hate speech or disinformation or ""erodes trust in financial institutions "" that\'s nazi Germany type shit.', ""Well perhaps they should have thought about it before going to work there!..(I agree with almost everything others have said but I'd work there over my dead body!)..\n\nObviously I understand necessity but expecting more than a job and a regular paycheck for them? Info it's just one of many companies that have (or are) abandoning me"", 'Facebook Censors go boo hoo.  Cry me a river....', 'Yeah imagine getting 50k in RSUs every year for five years, which would total 150k vested if there’s a five year vesting period; then you have to watch your CEO just completely torpedo 45k from that holding because he wanted to start with this new idea that no one else is interested in.', 'I work at a very large tech company. Meta did a very obvious hiring blitz from Nov ‘21-Feb ‘22 that we lost a bunch of engineers and SDMs to. Then right when the blitz stop, the stock tanked. My gut says this was absolutely done on purpose. The offers they were giving were outrageously higher than any other tech company out their. Presumably they did that knowing it was going to crater with the first earnings report of the year.', ""They elected to work for a terrible and destructive company for greed's sake.  Fuck 'em. They are part of the problem and not part of the solution or anything we should feel empathy for."", 'It’s time to cash in on that shit and get out before the whole place burns to the ground with them in it', 'If you make your income dependent on RSU, you’re doing it wrong.', 'Zuck will still have unimaginable wealth regardless, but his workers will lose their homes and healthcare.', 'I don’t like this trend of workers eating shit for the bad decisions of billionaires though', 'Closer to billionares ruining things for thousands of $500,000-ares\n\nIf you include them in ""fuck the rich"" then go off I suppose. They definitely have enough. But there are a lot of normal, kinda-wealthy people getting hurt by this', 'Balance in the Universe!', 'Yes, it goes straight against the leftist religious dogma that monopolies will always grow bigger in a capitalist system.', 'Yup. *grabs popcorn*', 'Can we do oligarchs next please? Then dictators?', 'It reminds me of Gavin Belson in the Silicon Valley series', 'Except the part where they destroy society first', 'They also ruin a lot of engineers that put trust in them. People who got shares a year ago and didn’t sell them immediately now own tons of money to taxation office. They literally need to sell all shares to pay it off and still own money. My brother in law is in such situation now. He owns 50k in taxes', 'Zuck, Ye, Elon, Putin, anyone else?', ""Neumann, Musk, Zuck... there's plenty of sociopaths to go and they keep being saved and rehabilitated when any normal person would be shunned and destitute."", 'Lol  Zuckerberg will still be ridiculously rich. Man could let FB burn to the ground and he would still never have to worry about money for the rest of his life. \n\nThe ppl who suffer are the average workers there. The billionaires won\'t be financially ""ruined"". Ever.', 'Ah just you wait - Kenny is next!', 'I give Zuck credit for not going full-on Nazi to do it.', 'Meta’s troubles are largely caused by a user base shifting toward other social media platforms and an understanding that Facebook is never likely to gain more users than its peak. Their spending on XR have almost no impact on the company’s stock performance.\n\nThe only ‘stupid’ thing Meta did was to not aggressively enough purchase competitors, and to overly rely on Apple allowing them to advertise on iPhones.', 'True but at least they have worthwhile features on Y! Finance and Y! Sports. And sometimes even content.', 'Hey now, it also had yahoo games!', 'Yahoo Finance used to be an excellent place to track stocks and keep a portfolio.', 'I am old enough to remember when Yahoo was best used for it’s *directory* — basically a human-curated search engine.', 'And a poor one at that.', 'And not a very good one at that.\n\nThing is, I know how scandalously most of their employees get (over) paid - and I know how much FB has exploited their users - without their knowledge / consent.  \n\nSo, let me tune up my tiny little violin and play them the ""Myspace is on Fire Blues"" ...', ""And the best trolling site of all time! Yahoo Answers, before they, you know, Yahoo'd it."", 'Holy Eff that’s crazy. Although, I’ve been to HD twice this week and logged onto Facebook zero times, sooooo', ""HD is number 17 on the 2022 fortune 500, they're huge. Not sure if that's an insult."", '[deleted]', 'I work as a contractor for Facebook, and internally, it is an absolute mess. \n\nNot so much people panicking, but I just mean the sheer contempt and waste happening internally.\n\nObviously I can\'t see a ton due to my contract status, but I have access to our internal workplace Facebook. People openly criticize and fight with Zuc on there.\n\nYou know how Zuckerberg gets hundreds of thousands of comments and millions of likes on regular Facebook?\n\nWell internally there\'s usually 20-30 comments each. So you know he sees it. \n\nThe ""Meta"" narrative being pushed is meandering marketing nonsense, and most of us internally know it too. \n\nWe have several internal project we tried to rebrand as corporate/work tools, but they all suck.\n\nReally, this company has no direction, and is hemorrhaging money on dead-ends.', 'Why? Home Depot sells a lot of product and has recession proof demand for their products.\n\nFacebook is navigating challenges to its core business and is burning money on a product people don’t care about yet.', 'home depot isn’t some shmuck company though, they’re in the top 20 fortune 500 companies.', 'Why? \n\nFacebook does nothing but show ads to bots.', 'Hey now. Home Depot is actually useful and not a pimple on the ass of society.', ""All FB needs is a Lowe's to keep it on its toes."", ""It's not hilarious. I mean what Facebook accomplished is really amazing but let's be real, tiny bits moving around will not last for long unless you are able to maintain the users on your platform and past social platforms are a good proof that nothing lasts in social media.\n\nNewer generations do not want to be associated with the old. This together with a bad leadership will inevitably lead to a big failure.\n\nEven though I'm a tech guy, I still value more businesses that are physical, much more reliable and with a great impact. What's Facebook's impact except manipulation?"", '>\tgive me my severance.\n\n`404: Not Found`', 'I’ve worked in the tech sector before. It’s all consuming. It becomes your life and sometimes your meaning. To see it crash around you, even as a mid-level employee who has worked hard to hit goals and build the company (no matter how misguided those goals are), is not only heartbreaking but takes a massive toll on your mental health. While I hope Facebook continues to crash and is acquired by someone who will use the user base for good instead of bad, I do have empathy for the many good people who invested all of their energy to create something that they believed would change the world for the better.', 'There was another article about fb where the author used the word monopoly in a variety of ways, one of them accurately.', 'Zuckerberg is telling people to produce more with the threat of termination. That would put a person in ""duress"". Also, many of the employees of Meta are compensated with large stock options that vest over 1-5 years. These employees are having their money threatened by Meta\'s strategic plan. Again, this would likely cause the employees to come under ""duress"". Having a large swathe of your employee base under duress is a significant insider threat against the organization. They really need to wrap this up or they will likely face leaks and data exfiltration of disgruntled or duressed staff.', 'Yeah I want to see that guy’s hand and make him discard a non land, non creature card.', 'Plus this “article” is one sentence long. Did I miss something?', 'MSN didn’t write the article - MSN is an editorial curated RSS reader. SF Gate wrote that article.', ""it's not the MSN it is an article written by one guy. Yes there are trends in the way the 10'000s of sources that make up the media operate but too often people cherry pick one article and say it is how the entire media operates."", 'Nature is recovering.', 'Fintech in America? They still write checks, run cards, and sign for shit.', ""It ain't much better over here..."", ""Fintech doesn't pay like the FANG companies."", ""The last decade has been a blur of putting up with its meteoric rise and all the madness that it created.  I'm hoping things will level off and social media will play a much more minor role from now on."", ""Social media is not going away. If it's not FB or IG, it'll be something else. People get to much value from it to simply not engage (people like free entertainment and the ability to connect with people / feel superior to idiots) and its way to profitable for companies to not pursue it."", 'You say, nonironically, on social media', 'Where would you post this comment though?', 'Reddit though 😂but yeah it’s toxic too', 'Social media will never fall just like there will always be celebrities for all of time. It is how human beings are wired. You should be roasted for posting things like the ""fall of social media"".', 'To be replaced by platforms like what, tiktok and IG?', 'Left Meta last year myself a couple of months after the Metaverse announcement. Friends there say it’s getting worse daily', 'Or getting fired.', 'Link to post?', 'Why did you choose to work for a company like Facebook in the first place? Youre talking about them “poisoning minds” as if yall didnt know what it was when you joined', ""There's only so much Zuckerburger to go around"", 'Yeah a good rule with RSUs is to sell them the day they are released because they are taxable at their release date value and you can be on the hook for it if you don’t realize this even with sell to cover for RSUs.', 'You clearly have no idea what you’re talking about. Anyone who’s worked at Facebook will tell you it has never been a “rest + vest” culture, google does that.', ""I honestly don't see many similarities in the two? Yahoo never had even close to the net income/profits as Meta, and Yahoo as you said was up during the .com bubble. There are hard numbers backing up the valuations of big tech right now (and Meta still).  \n\n\nIf Meta fails it will be for different reasons."", 'Not sure what you’re talking about. Yahoo never broke $120 share price.', '*Wipes tears with $150,000 base', '...or be in the meta verse only, which we can then collectively power-off.', 'Look at their profits and war chest ... this is a LONG way off if it happens.', '""Tech debt"", otherwise known as React Native?  B-)', 'To be sure, they’ve made bank up until recently so they should still be ahead. Hell, their cash comp alone is still enviable.', 'How many genocides did email and phones aid in?', '“Oh no!  My 3 million dollar house!  I’ll never find another one with the $500k in equity I got out of the foreclosure and my measly $185k salary.”', 'To be fair, at least on the VR side I actually think you guys are killing it. I wish zukk wasn\'t the face of VR right now because it\'s making people think the entire platform is shit.\n\nThe amount of people around here I\'ve seen who claim the quest 2 is shitty or VR will never ""be popular"" is insane and it\'s pretty clear they don\'t actually know much about it other than its the Facebook thing.', 'Come on, cough up the tickers for me.', 'I had the same problem when I worked at AOL. I got decently priced stock options but the stock prices promptly went into the shitter when they announced the merger with time-warner. They doubled down on their hubris by thinking people were going to keep paying for internet on training wheels while shoving a million ads down their throats.', ""Yeah that's how stock options work... a lot of people think they're worth cash and they learned their lesson. Also, i find it hilarious people bought houses using RSUs as compensation."", 'I completely agree', 'They signed a deal with the devil.  The company was founded on screwing people over, and everyone knows it.', 'Some version or multiple versions of the ""metaverse"" is so clearly absolutely going to happen. \n\nI dunno if its actually meta that\'s gonna do it but it\'s so obvious I sorta wonder what would have happened if it was a different company that announced it.', 'Highly doubt anyone at fb in the Bay Area is a trump supporter.', 'Lmao, and what exactly gives you any sense that they have some sort of upward moving trajectory? People aren’t worried about buying an imaginary house next to Snoop Dogg in fantasyland, they’re worried about paying rent and buying food. The guy is so lost in the excess of his life that he has no idea how to relate.', 'Just start posting actual flyers outside like our elders used to do.', 'Release a blockbuster video game?', 'Koff, AoL, koff....', 'Hate to see people worry about their job but I do love to see zucc get stuck', 'Hey, if we only demand quality reporting, this place will be a ghost town 🤣', 'Comment stealing bot.\n\nhttps://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/yijiiq/-/iujfmom', 'I got 120k over 3 years at a company before a merger. Stock repriced post merger at like 1/3 the original value before the first RSU was released. Yeah that was an underwhelming feeling', ""You underestimated how much Facebook refreshed employees's RSUs by a margin. For a fresh graduate, his/her rsu refresh is easy six digits. For an entry level manager M1, the sign on RSU can be seven digits. The real problem is many people bought homes using uninvested rsu value."", 'I mean there was going to be a big hit from the Apple shenanigans anyway.  Zuckerberg is off his rocker, but it’s not entirely his fault like people make it seem.', 'What idea is that?  Sorry, I do not follow Facebook.  Are you talking about the Meta name change or the weird pivot to VR?  Something else?', 'Yeah poor guys, I feel so sorry for them', ""I am in the tech field as an engineer and I remember hearing about how much Facebook pays and a bunch of people we knew we're switching over during that time period. I think you're right."", 'Yup. Apple couldn’t match the offer meta gave to my friend at Google. They took my old boss from Texas Instruments, and he was on track to make bank in upper management. I was getting countless emails for hiring. \n\nI wasn’t told their offers, but some friends said it was a dollar value of stock rather than stock units? If that’s the case, wouldn’t the stock drop be beneficial for all the people who just got hired and would get essentially more stock?', ""They poached a lot of our employees who weren't even FAANG material. That's when I knew they jumped the shark with hiring mediocre tech talent just to keep them on the bench and away from competitors instead of needing them to do actual work. \n\nThe roles that they were posting during the hiring blitz were mostly nice-to-have, niche roles and that could've been done by one person. When there is free money, it's a wasted opportunity to not spend it and when it's taken away, it's a waste to keep resources that aren't mission critical."", 'I used to feel this way but at the end of the day even people that work at Meta are just regular ass worker bees like everyone else. Meta is going to Meta so long as their business is profitable. That’s just capitalism. \n\nAnd let me tell you, I’ve worked in tech for the past decade and the vast majority of them are as devoid of ethics as meta. There are decent companies to work for in tech but there is far, far less money to be made if you go that route.\n\nThe reality is that the vast majority of folks work for terrible shitty companies. That doesn’t automatically mean they have the same ethics as that company or that they agree with their practices or business standards.\n\nWe can’t make ourselves the enemy, we are not the problem, the system is the problem. If somebody wants to go make 500k a year building some stupid vr game then that’s great and I will be nothing but happy for that person. We can’t place the onus of operating ethically on an individual when they are operating in a system that itself does not incentivize or reward that behavior.', 'Man common people work at Raytheon, Boeing, LM on technologies that are used to bomb innocent civilians in middle east\n\nThe fuck is this take about people working at Facebook lmao', 'But they still have the metaverse.', ""That's the sad part"", ""Yeah, let's not forget who is going to suffer from this. Zuck had good investors counseling him. He'll be fine."", 'They had good wages. No scam lasts forever.  I hope they invested wisely.', 'It’s not like their lives will end at facebook / meta. It’s not the end of the world when you get fired from a corporation.', 'Oh no his 6-figure employees have to go to another warm embrace. I absolutely don’t feel bad for billionaires but tech workers aren’t super far behind.', 'Welp, they should’ve saved instead of buying chicken coops', 'Most of his wealth is facebook stock. He can go bankrupt in a day if facebook collapses. \n\nYes he has that island in hawaii and who knows how many assets but how’s he gonna pay tax on them if he has no income? \n\nI love how people actually equivocate stock with real money. It’s not, it’s not far from monopoly money, one bad move and it’s lost 50%. Another one and it’s gone.\n\nHeck, stock will go down for simply not growing revenue, maintaining revenue is a bad sign.', ""The money he's investing (rather than giving to shareholders) will employ a lot of people and buy a lot of homes and healthcare."", 'Fuck them. You sign up with the Devil you have to expect to get burned.\n\nThey know the harm that they are doing.', 'Yeah i here it’s really hard for software developers to find work…\n\nAs a software dev myself /s', ""Hilarious, isn't it? Oh, the Zuckerberg Follies are just so entertaining."", 'That was an inevitability, at this point.', 'Oh wait until you see the market crash and the abusive short selling comes to light. The billionaires are leveraging our pensions and betting it in the stock market.', 'Facebook was never a good business to be part of', 'Anyone who works there was trying to get rich off the back of facebooks abusive business model. I have limited sympathy.', ""I'm not sure I feel bad for people who took their dev skills to facebook"", 'We’re talking about techno-crats. That ruined San Francisco. Sorry but not feeling much sympathy…..now the ones in the tents outside the offices sure', 'Oh no! Not the tech bros, how will they afford more fleece vests?! How?!', 'I mean that’s just life baby', 'Only getting 200k instead of 400k isn\'t ""eating shit"".', ""They're not, they're eating shit for choosing to work at such a shitty company."", 'There is amble safe space in the meta for them to cry into', 'Anybody who chose to work for Facebook over the last several years deserves everything they get.', 'the only hurt they will feel is if they quit or go to another job or start interviewing and find out that if you come from FAANG then you should expect the salary to be drastically reduced for the same position you were in unless you go to another of the big tech companies.  Speaking from experience.', ""I am not going to be dishonest with you.\n\nI enjoy watching the 10%er sucker fish get jolted a bit, too.  \n\nAnd they're not getting ruined.  They're just getting... less.  Still probably a lot more than most people."", ""I'm sure they'll be fine. The world will be a better place with less social media around although in reality this just means TikTok and other Chinese companies will gain strength."", 'The should have worked for a more ethical company. They got wealthy off of a platform that harms society.', 'Bruh I’m living comfortably, and I’ve never had a net worth of more than 100k. Yeah those people aren’t “normal”. They benefit and support the same shit musk, bezos, and Zuckerberg do. They just aren’t as successful. \n \nHell even my job that allows me home ownership, multiple vehicles, no debt aside from a mortgage, and door dash every week is directly in support of the military industrial complex. I’m a hypocrite and likely deserve to be taken down a peg. No one should care about my financial misfortunes, and they certainly shouldn’t care about “500,000-ares” financial misfortunes.', 'He did though. They let Nazis run rampant on Facebook amplified conservative messaging for years. And still do.\n\nFacebook is one of the leading factors in the destab', ""*Pffft*. What's tanking the stock is not *fewer users,* it's *collapsing revenues.*\n\n* 2.96B monthly active users, up 2% yoy.\n\n* 2.93B daily active users, up 4% yoy.\n\n**But:**\n\n* Quarterly revenue down 4.4%\n\n* Second quarterly revenue decline since its IPO 12 years ago.\n\n* *First* ever quarterly revenue decline since its IPO was posted just 91 days ago\n\n* Average price per ad fell nearly 20% in just the last 91 days.\n\n* Quarterly net income was $4.4B, down nearly 50% yoy."", 'I miss Yahoo games, I think I got to like top 1000 in Hearts or Spades.', 'Don’t forget fantasy sports.', 'Do they though?', 'I miss Yahoo Pool a bit', ""Yahoo games was amazing. There's been nothing that's replaced it as far as I know."", 'But does the greeter welcome you back by name and tell you that one of your friends agonising over colours in the paint section?', 'I just bought a ladder at HD. Never bought a ladder from FB tho..', 'I live in Australia. We don’t have HD here, and I’ve still visited HD more times than Facebook in the past decade.', 'FB has about double the net income in 2021 (30 vs 16.4), almost double the gross profit ( 95 BILLION vs 50 billion) , and at half the PE (9 vs 18) ,of Home Depot. Meta is a damn steal and is one of the better buys out there imo. \n\nWhile Zuc is figuring out the metaverse, the other products are generating a ton of cash. I think its waaaay overblown what a dire position Meta is in, and makes for a great time to buy when everyone is over reacting.', ""The only thing more twisted than Zuck's morals is the lumber at Lowe's."", ""Edit: Yeah I'm an idiot, but I won't be wrong for long!"", 'So wait there is a private Facebook that Facebook employees use? That’s interesting!', 'VRChat for Business is just such a silly idea to me.  Guess I won’t be laughing if it works out though.', 'Hell, I think Home Depot has sections of their buisness that do slightly better during a recession. When people are cutting costs by doing things themselves, they still need tools.', 'Killed the local hardware store in most of the country (but it wasn’t alone in that)', 'I think FAANG SWEs do usually get severances.', 'I feel this.  My sector of tech was much less sexy but far more mainstream in purpose.\n\nI climbed to a C level spot (from engineering depths) and had a biweekly audience with a VP that was essentially sponsoring my work.  Ten years in when the house of cards came down and it left scars.\n\nSkipped the ladder climb after that and have essentially traded the climb to the top for a lower level of emotional and physical investment. \n\nEdit:  Toward the end I was on the phone to exercise about $30k worth of stock options, but I hung up to service a good customer.  The next day the stock was down so I waited, and waited, and waited.  Eventually I got nothing for the options.  I was young and dumb.', ""This is it. Working at a big tech will absolutely swallow your life. The performance bar is incredibly high and there's a long line of potential candidates behind you that would love your paycheck. You pretty much need to prioritize work over most everything else to be successful."", ""I was 20 years a line software developer.  I've had the disappointment of see my stocks dissolve, and worrying about the next round of layoffs.\n\nStill, I would quibble about using the word 'duress' for the typical tech employee under these pressures.     Tech workers are well paid, and these stressors are part of why you are getting paid so much."", 'So those people they hung out with all the time out of hours in the office and considered their social circle were really just colleagues the whole time?', 'Who the hell is going to be able to, or want to, acquire fb?', 'If they have employee stock options that would also make people uneasy about all the stock they bought over the years being worth a lot less.', 'Exactly. The anxiety is real!', 'Any Facebook employee who has worked there in the last 3-5 years and is unaware of the bad things they do, consciously and deliberately, is a fool. Any who decide to stay given that knowledge, deserves to be bankrupted.\n\nI\'m really tired of people absolving themselves of complicity in willingly damaging other people\'s lives to make a buck by saying ""I wasn\'t the decision maker.""\n\nIf you were part of the team at Facebook that knew Instagram was causing girls to self-harm, that deliberately screwed over event promoters by inserting a paywall between promoters and their audience, that gave politicians and hate speech purveyors exemption from community guidelines and fact-checking, that stood by during the Cambridge Analytica sale of private information, that casually said ""isn\'t that interesting?"" when the United Nations said that Facebook-amplified hate speech enabled the Myanmar genocide, then you don\'t deserve to look in the mirror and feel good about yourself.', 'Do people who work at Meta actually feel like they’re benefitting the world?  I know lots of tech people who do, but you’d have to be blind to not see… I mean these people are often obsessed with VPNs and stuff too right?  Surely they know…?', "">  is acquired by someone who will use the user base for good instead of bad\n\nlol\n\nMeanwhile we see what happens with the acquisition of Twitter...\n\nI agree with the rest of your sentiments. All really, but I'm too jaded to believe there's benevolent billionaires out there who will reshape FB into an engine for social justice."", 'I worked in software companies in the Bay Area during the run up to dotcom crash 1.0 as well as the 2008 meltdown. Practically everyone I knew has been laid off at some point, or had a startup that went nowhere. It’s a very normal part of working in that environment. You are also talking about - even by tech industry standards- some of the very, very highest compensated workers on planet earth, who have more valuable networks and fallback options than people in any industry anywhere. And they happen to work for a massively profitable, monopolistic corporation run by a near-sociopath that actively makes the world and especially this country a worse place every day. You could not find my sympathy for Facebook employees whose RSUs are tanking with a scanning electron microscope at its most powerful setting.', '> one of them accurately.\n\nReferencing the board game, I assume.', 'I see you MTG player.', 'I heard this in David Attenborough’s voice.', 'Lol it blew my mind how resistant the US market was to chip and pin and how long it took them to adopt it.', 'Fintech in America is chip and pin! 😂', 'No, no, the people who make carbon fiber flippers for scuba divers', 'We also do HFT, have a bunch of new companies that are revolutionizing how we handle and process money,  oh and we are kinda crushing a lot of the quant stuff.\n\n&#x200B;\n\nBut sure, focus on the credit cards.', 'Wait until FANG has to pay the piper.', 'It wont. Social media is bigger than it ever has been, its just not on facebook. Tiktok, snapchat, reddit, youtube, twitter and instagram all got us glued to the screen one way or the other.', ""Who cares what people get out of it?  I'd just like to see it go away anyway, even if it never will, just to say fuck the rules of reality, for once things are going to not be like that"", 'i was 22 years old and as a fresh college grad seemed like the coolest job in the world', 'He better starts to smoke some more meats in his backyard.', 'I think the companies sell roughly a third of the RSUs for you when they vest, to cover income tax withholding.  Mine did, anyway.  It was not optional.', 'Is that you, Zuck?\n\nFacebook has tens of thousands of employees globally, and over 10,000 in Silicon Valley. If you think all of them are gung ho 10xers, you are naive.\n\nI lived and worked in Silicon Valley for years and personally met rest and vesters at just about every major employer in the Valley.', 'At the time yahoo was thought to be ahead in user engagement, early ad tech and an active user base across its properties.\n\nIt took 5+ years but they lost their value pretty quickly', 'That $120 has been adjusted for *several* splits since the peak.', '“By December 1999, Yahoo stock was peaking at about $500 a share, or just over $108 a share after splitting.”', 'Bold of you to assume there won’t be generators IN the Metaverse.  I hear they have legs now.', 'Here here! I hadn\'t tried VR myself prior to Workrooms on Quest Pro and I\'m hooked. Non-VR meetings just don\'t compare anymore. The ability to hear people spatially in VR space is incredible. I can close my eyes and tell where everyone in the ""room"" is just by listening. After 3 years of WFH living on Zoom, this is huge.\n\nIt\'ll only gonna get better & cheaper (sooner than you think!), so hold out if the Quest Pro is too expensive now. The Q3 is right around the corner!', 'VR may work out, but I don’t see how Meta can ever recoup the cost they’re spending on it.  They’ve spent more than the market cap of Zoom, which is arguably similar and much more useful.  And it’s nowhere near where they want it to be.', 'You’re right. Employees are the most affected.', ""He's not, though. That's just a fantasy. He's still worth billions, still has mountains of stock, and when the economy recovers, odds are that stick will, too. \n\nBesides, there's no sense in taking joy at the idea of other people suffering."", 'There should be a clause in every agreement for lock-in cashout value at time of acquisition from the new company. This is clearly a method to devalue a stock for the benefit of the acquiring entity (which they can write off as a loss on their taxes), but fucks over the employee.\n\nWe need more regulations on predatory practices like this.', 'Buying a house with unvested money is fucking hilarious.', 'Kinda hard to feel bad for people making that kind of money who make that bad of decisions. On paper, they’re probably really smart and successful. Buying something like a house in CA based on a future payout that can fluctuate wildly by the time you receive it is just not good planning. If you’re a human who may live 60-80 more years if you’re lucky, you should think really fucking hard why a 100 year mortgage exists before you sign up for one.', 'Are you saying this from experience? I would be very surprised if they are giving entry level managers 1mil rsu packages even if it’s a five year vest instead of a four year vest. That is significantly above the market even for big tech companies.', 'Excellent. Let the housing crashing start at the top please.', 'This is why Netflix employees have an easier time securing a home loan than any other tech workers. Their comp is all cash. No RSU funny business.', 'What? That’s impossible, the RSUs are unvested. That’s not an asset until it vests.', ""It was always risky, but it's only now a problem because their little bubble is shrinking. It has similarities to some of the causes of the '08 housing crisis in a way. \n\n1st, to those questioning the legality if using RSUs to qualify for a mortgage: sure you can! Lenders use mostly the same rules as bonuses and commissions. Show you've received the stated amount or more the past 2y, or will receive it for the next 3y. The primary differences are that many will only allow RSUs to make up a specific percentage of qualifying income; also, the employer must have a record of strong performance to validate the RSUs. \n\nTherein lies the main issue - something like Hot Hand Fallacy. Everyone assumed Meta/Facebook would keep killing it, so of course the RSUs would be worth a fortune. Why wait when they could capitalize on great mortgage rates? On its own, it wouldn't have been a terrible bet, considering their past performance. But using unvested RSUs to buy a house is doubling down on your employer, with your house and livelihood being the wager."", 'The weird pivot to VR. He spent a bunch off money creating a metaverse and the stock price suffered.', ""I had a few Facebook recruiters contact me about a year ago. Also had some Amazon ones more recently, but I remember having to just repeatedly tell the Facebook guys I don't want to work there.\n\nGlad I made that choice, even if it had nothing to do with RSUs."", 'It’s dollar value until you start, then the price is determined and the number of shares and vesting schedule is set. So it’ll say 300k over 4 years in the offer letter, then that is calculated to the number of shares when you actually join. Same for refreshers, communicated in dollar value but actual vesting will be number of shares', 'Yes but that contract would be rare, or if accurate might have a crazy vest', 'Happened back in the day w/ employees going to EBay and Zynga😂', ""This. Can't blame a worker for trying to take advantage of a labor market that is in their favor... Tech unions when"", ""The system is powered by... Whom? Dogs? Cats? Reptile people? Oh, that's right, humans. And guess who has the power to change it? Yes, humans, by not participating in it.\n\nThis is the same as participating in Bitcoin to scam others, because if you're not doing it someone else will and will get rich in your place."", 'Meta is the worst culprit of being devoid of ethics. Netflix on the other hand, seems very clean. Most fall somewhere in the middle but Meta repeatedly ignores doing the right thing and tries to sweep it under the rug. You never hear whistleblowers coming out of other big tech.', 'I think you are about 75% right.  But individuals do have moral and ethical responsibilities within systems, even if they are not responsible for the total output of the system.  I don\'t think it makes sense to ""blame"" people for working for Meta. But I do think its fair to say, ""you know what you were getting into and you took a risk that didn\'t pan out because you thought you\'d benefit from it personally. ""  that being said, it\'s also not an excuse for ongoing business practices that sacrifice too much in the name of profit.  But I\'m a ""radical"" i suppose.  If you put money first, its all downhill from there and so long as people/systems keep doing that, they are gonna have a bad time.', 'I have an aptitude for insurance-related work.  I find it really interesting and in a competitive market with perfect information and rational actors then it produces a socially net beneficial good.  But I would never ever ever work for an insurance company because I owe it to other people to refrain from any contribution to that opaque anticompetitive industry or its regulatory grip.  I also owe it to myself to never torture myself by playing the other side, for example by specializing in litigation relating to policyholder claims.\n\nI would make a lot of money.  There\'s no doubt.  But ""insurance going to insurance"" is not an excuse for anything, least of all feeling like a piece of shit.\n\nIf you work for Meta against the better instincts of your conscience then I can\'t say that I have much sympathy.', 'If the drop in stock value makes them lose their home… that’s on them for bad decision making.  And they’ll still be fine in the big picture.  I don’t think “fuck them” but I don’t see why people are concerned for them either.', 'Can’t afford the goggles', 'Affordable virtual housing', 'And we still don’t want it', ""Just to put it into perspective - 36B dollars were spent on this metaverse project - that's over a period of 3 years  - that money goes TO the workers - that's where it is being spent.\n\n&#x200B;\n\nFacebook made 85B dollars in revenue last year.\n\nThey aren't hurting. Facebook isn't struggling.  We are in a severe market downturn and the market is reacting extremely negatively to a dream that they don't understand - just like with iPhones and iPads - js."", 'Secondlife is better.', 'Do they tho?', ""What's the difference between a 6-figure income in a place where houses cost 5M and a 5-figure income in a place where houses cost 0.75M? In the end, you're getting about the same amount of services."", ""You know that you too can be one of them right? A tech worker. Don't just lose empathy on other people just because they make more.\n\nPlus software enginees and devs aren't the only people that works for meta, the HR, sales, support and a bunch other workers work for and pay their groceries they got from Meta.\n\nSuch a short-sighted comment tbh."", ""Literally didn't say that."", 'Most people no longer get pensions', 'someone holds some GME :)', ""It's almost like a bunch of people realized they could get rich off poor folks 401ks or something. I think all stocks should carry mandatory hold times in years."", 'And the pension committee members are the ones hiring them.', 'You have a pension? Lol', ""Tell me you're in a cult without telling me you're in a cult"", 'Huh? Why do you say that?', 'Ruined LA even more too and it was already ruined by the entertainment industry.', 'Yep, hopefully they didn’t make any large home purchases recently.', ""Yeah I think this is a fair perspective, Idk why you're being downvoted. I don't really agree, I think the $500,000-are is a perfectly healthy thing to have in a society. People should be able to obtain that level of wealth, that doesn't hurt society. \n\nIt's the people with more than 2,000x that amount that are hurting society. People owning $100mil mega yachts, when instead of building that we could have built a homeless shelter in every major city in the US. Things like that.\n\nSome dude being really skilled at their job and making enough to own a second home or a winter cabin or something... That's an acceptable level of hoarding IMO"", '500k is higher than the 10%. Hell, I make 165k and that’s in the 10%. Cheering at people losing out of their 401ks savings makes us look like trash. Premium content for conservatives to clip and show how idiotic some on the left are.', 'You are not wrong in the least.', 'They feel ruined because it’s all about them', ""Y do you think there will be less social media? You think fb and Instagram and tiktok are going away? Just cuz fb makes less money doesn't mean anything.\n\nUsers moved to TikTok like u said.... I think we are doomed as tiktok is way worse lol"", 'Reddit is social media. It’s also an echo chamber, like most social media.', ""If you have home ownership and multiple cars, it's really unlikely you have networth under $100k.\n\n$500k home with 20% down is instantly $100k network, not to mention if add in cars and whatever savings & 401k you might have."", 'Average net worth of an American is $450,000', ""That's a bit of a misunderstanding, he got rich to begin with being completely slack ass WRT booting Nazis off his platform. I was thinking more along the lines with how he lost those billions. Granted I still have Kanye's octupling down on being an outright bigot on my mind; the bar has been really lowered."", 'I miss Yahoo Widgets', 'A friend and I spent an ungodly amount of time on Yahoo Towers in high school! That was an addictive game', 'Oooh yahoo games was awesome!! Miss it too.', ""For someone who wasn't allowed to do instant messaging growing up, I loved yahoo pool. A/s/l days lol. \n\nPool on the phone is a lot of fun though."", 'I miss going on the chatrooms as a little kid and thousands of pedophiles asking me for my location', 'Lol so true. I would love to see a breakdown of the profit Fb has made from me as a single sporadic user over the years. Like what, ten dollars? A hundred? No idea but I’m curious now', ""I hope you're prepared for a deluge of advertisements for ladders on FB now lol"", 'Meta has much more risk than HD. People will almost definitely still visit HD in five years, but they may not use FB/Instagram/Horizon Worlds at all.  So if you really subscribe to a “value” philosophy, you should be highly suspicious of the *future* cashflows, even if they look good right now. You might as well call oil companies “damn steals” in my opinion.\n\nNot to say you won’t make money in your trade.  But it will be because of tech optimism and not value if you do. Obviously, still just in my opinion.', 'Somebody teach this man about market cap', 'Market cap is given by the formula MC= N x P, where MC is the market capitalization, N is the number of common shares outstanding, and P is the market price per common share.', 'Yes and one time Facebook went down and because the only contact information Facebook employees were allowed to have are their facebook contact info, no one could get ahold of the people who work at facebook who could fix it', 'Yeah they have a platform that any company can use internally, the product is Facebook for Work', 'Yeah. That is better framing.\nElements of the business are, others aren’t.', 'Elaborate more about physical and emotional investment specifics.', 'As a Google engineer, I can say this is completely false', ""Really depends on the company and also country... I work in the UK for a small tech company as a software engineer. It's rare I work past 5pm... I have a lot of friends with similar jobs in bigger companies and it's pretty much the same story unless you have a super crappy job. \n\nI had a friend who moved from Amazon USA to Amazon UK and went from 12 hour days, to 7. (He was a project manager though so might be different for different roles). \n\nWould be interesting to see some actual stats on it though, as I only have my observations"", ""Depends on company and team in my experience. True for some teams, but for the majority of my career, I've been able to have decent work life balance at big tech."", 'Guaranteed each of these folks will come out of any recession/downturn/layoffs still far, far ahead of folks in pretty much any other line of business.', 'Distress is the appropriate word.\n\nDuress means against ones will.', ""\\> Tech workers are well paid, and these stressors are part of why you are getting paid so much.\n\nNot really tho, they pay because of the value you produce for them, the price is high because more people want you to produce value for them, than there are you's/tech workers.\n\nSoldiers, customer support staff,  nurses, teachers and a whole lot of other jobs comes with significant stressors, still they are not paid well."", 'From wake to sleep', 'It has one of the largest user bases on the planet. When you buy a company, you buy it’s assets.', 'Full disclosure, I’ve worked there for the past 3 years. I’m sharing to provide some perspective on why I (and many others) stay despite all the negativity, not to shill for the company (doesn’t really affect me either way)\n\nThere is a lot of misinformation or misleading info about decisions made by the company. For example, if you read the full instagram well-being study, you’d see how the majority of teens felt that instagram made a positive impact on their lives, despite the articles focusing on the small subset of negative experiences. Furthermore, the whole reason on why studies like this are commissioned in the first place is to improve the experience. If the people working on this didn’t care, why would they have bothered to conduct the survey in the first place?\n\nBeyond the misinformation, a lot of what people chalk up as malice is really just incompetence. No one is actively thinking “let’s build this API and let Cambridge analytica scrape user data!” Yes, there is a lot of incompetence and mistakes the company has made, but that’s literally why these problems are being worked on. \n\nAt the end of the day, I don’t agree with everything this company does, but I think it’s a lot more nuanced than Reddit makes it out to be. As an extreme example, every American that pays taxes is contributing to the murder of innocent children in the Middle East, but I doubt that ever taxpayer agrees thinks this is a good decision.', 'I agree in concept, but it is more complicated than that. Would I go to FB right now? Absolutely not. I could get a cushy $200k a year gig there but my morals won’t allow me. That doesn’t mean if I were there and invested in my product, I’m a bad person. Sure, there are decision makers in SV that have too much power and poor judgement (usually due to ego: see Musk, Zuck, etc.) but that doesn’t mean that good meaning people who get paid by them are subject to the same ego. Most people just want to make a difference and told that what they were doing was beneficial to society. It wasn’t and many folks need to deal with that. It’s not all black and white.', 'Most credit cards here still don’t use chip-and-PIN 🙃', 'Which letter do you think will be last?  I think Apple, but that may be controversial.', 'Pretty much. We are just seeing the masses move from platform to platform. Like how Myspace was a thing back in the day then Facebook demolished it. Then Instagram came up and took a huge chunk out of FB. Now present day Tiktok has taken a big chunk out of IG and FB is pretty much on life support.\n\nWe will never go back to the days when social media was an after thought fringe activity, not when kids are growing up with social media as ingrained in society as the internet.', 'Say bye to Reddit too', 'Looking forward to your post!', 'I mean I get redditors only like to disparage the police, but I dunno what was so amazing about Facebook in 2016. It is what it is, but I don’t understand ridiculing a company that was [already known to be deleterious](https://amp.theguardian.com/technology/2016/dec/12/facebook-2016-problems-fake-news-censorship) when you signed up for it. Chalk it up to age I guess or high pay, but I just dont buy the idea all these people still working there 6+ yrs laters are somehow being brain washed. I’m sure they just are willing to ignore things for pay and benefits\n\nKeep the downvotes coming. Lol', 'It depends. Some places let you set up a transfer from your bank to cover the taxes so they don’t sell. When I interviewed at Amazon the guy told me that was an option there.\n\nI don’t know if FB allows that.', 'For sure sell to cover. Usually done at the supplemental tax rates which would be 22% for most people, if your effective rate is over that you will owe.', 'Some do, but this is a waning practice.', 'Do people walk around in the meetings in a big room or do you have to stay seated in a chair? \n\nAre some VR conference rooms better than others, any scarcity there (executives use a special one)?\n\nIf people enter VR conference, do they come through a door or appear, same question for leaving. Thanks!', 'Hear hear! (Listen listen!)', 'Facebook moves 85 billion dollars a year.\n\nAnd VR is already working out lol.', 'That may be a case of something that can be negotiated, but the people most affected by it generally are not a part of the M&A (Mergers and Acquisitions) process!', 'Wtf? I didn’t know you can do that?', ""When you get a thirty year mortgage, you're counting on continuing to earn money for the next thirty years, right? Unvested wages. You might lose your job.\n\nWhat's the difference?\n\nBuying with unvested RSUs as collateral hasn't happened in twenty years. OP is full of shit."", 'Make idiot decisions and reap the consequences. I would NEVER buy any asset based on assumptions about my UNVESTED stock. If it isn’t cash in my hand or in my bank account, it isn’t mine. Then again, I don’t do debt either', 'In some of these very high CoL areas, it can be very hard for people to not take on lots of debt. If you are pulling in half a million in total comp every year it may seem like the gravy train is never going to end, and all the housing stock is getting snapped up by your coworkers.\n\nIf you want to start a family and settle down it may seem like borrowing is the only reasonable choice.', 'This happened a lot in the .com crash. Some of these people are going to be in for a huge surprise when the IRS comes knocking.', ""exactly, if everyone is getting paid w monopoly money and it's good enough to buy housing.....looks like we found another major contribution to inflation"", 'Humor me, why do you think they exist', 'You say this because you don’t understand the Bay Area’s real estate market. Even if they lose the entirety of their RSU, they’ve already made potentially hundreds of thousands of dollars in positive equity from prices constantly going up. If you can leverage unvested RSU to finance a house in the Bay Area, that is *excellent* planning.', ""A very close friend got a similar offer with a little over 10 year experience. That's the standard package for Software Engineering Manager M1. You can check it [here](https://www.levels.fyi/companies/facebook/salaries/software-engineering-manager/levels/m1), but just remember the RSUs reported here are mostly annual refresh only."", 'Lowest level managers are m1 (there are m0s but this is more of a transitionary role). Max offers for this level are 1.2m in RSUs over 4 years, excluding refreshers.', 'These people aren’t the top…', 'California is such a silly place to me.  Imagine making that much money, and struggling to get a loan?', ""But previous vested RSUs are listed in their w-2s, and they can apply mortgages with that as a proof. Probably many people don't really want to do this for the risk, but since there are people doing this, the real estate price has been pushed up so much. People have no choice but to apply a higher mortgage based on his future RSU values."", ""Ah, yeah.  Thank you.  I don't know anyone who gives a damn about that.  I was a VR early adopter and certainly don't care about anything Meta is doing.  There are much better uses for my Index.\n\nEdit:  Actually, all of my immediate coworkers are also early adopters.  Between us, we have all the early headsets *except* Oculus.  And none of us cares about Meta VR projects.  Anecdotal sure, but I can't say I'm surprised this isn't working out how Zuckerberg wanted."", 'No the stock fall because Apple screw meta with their privacy policies, the VR stuff is just the icing on the cake', 'Ah thanks for the clarification, I wasn’t sure when the stock count/value was set, at joining or when the stock is awarded. So my understanding is they’ll say $300k, or this many shares split over x years? My company just does 10000 stocks every year for 3 years, they didn’t mention price but of course you run it through your head.', 'Tech union will never happen since there are legions of people chomping at the bit for their jobs.  Despite the whole “tech workers are hard to find” meme, I’m certain just about any STEM grads could have made Metaverse with that $20 billion.', 'I disagree with the notion that individuals have the power to make meaningful change. Yes society is run by humans, but that does not mean that the average individual has any power to make create change by not participating in a system they disagree with. \n\nIf someone is offered double their salary to work at meta, they would be foolish to turn that down based on principle. It would not accomplish anything in the way of changing the system, and it would only serve to hurt them.\n\nThat said, I completely agree that *people* do have the power to create change. This is why collective action is so important. This means creating unions and voting for candidates who align with you ideologically, who are not beholden to the owners of capital. American Society has been ethically devolving for the past 50 years now and you can trace it all back to the decline of labor unions which began in the 50s and 60s. \n\nUs workers need to band together, not argue over who is the most pure. It’s antithetical to the cause.', ""just because you don't hear about whisteleblowers doesn't mean there isn't anything worth whistleblowing."", 'Yes i agree that individuals do have a moral obligation within our society. I don’t think they are morally obligated to forego financial security because their personal ethics are odds with their employer. You could say that about all sorts of people. \n\nWhat I disagree with though is that anyone, even meta employees, are less deserving of our empathy because of the company they work for or that fact that they were trying to get a job that pays them really well. We should be focusing less on the fact that they work for a company that is morally corrupt or that they were out to make money and more on the fact that our basic livelihoods are beholden to the whims of corporations that by and large prioritize capital over humanity, dignity, and respect.', 'I’ve always thought there should be small community insurance companies, but I guess the business doesn’t work except at really large scales.', 'I thought Zuck gave everyone free goggles so they could use it to boost numbers/stats', 'So you’d just be a blind person in the metaverse?', 'Yeah six figure salaries can barely get you groceries in todays murica', '[The goggles do nothing!](https://youtu.be/PWFF7ecArBk?t=3)', 'Hey the AVHA is a real thing man! Don’t make fun! We’re struggling in here!\n\nEdit: interworld news report: fear of the upcoming pixel wars escalates as the bits&bytes bots are ready to strike!', '> 36B dollars were spent on this metaverse project\n\nYou realize that’s mostly labor costs', ""Fucking this right here. 6 figures is nice living in theory but if you have to pay 5k a month for a one bedroom apartment because you'll never be able to afford a house within a 2 hour drive it sure doesnt feel like it.\n\nIt's not even like the houses are higher quality they just cost more. Unless you bought in 20 years ago when prices were 5 or 6 times cheaper you just have to deal with the fact that you'll never own a home unless you move far away."", 'I’ve worked 3 decades and over five job changes, each time I’d move places I’m heading they’re just phasing/phased out the pension.\n\nDid have a recent chance to hire into a place with one, apparently Paccar still pays a pension. Decided to quit working for awhile instead.', 'I’ve direct registered (DRS) my GME holdings. And I’d suggest that anyone that’s ever been fucked over by the elite rich to do the same.', 'They are already heavily incentivized to do that with capital gains taxes. Once you hold it a year it’s a “long-term” gain and is taxed significantly less than any working class income tax bracket. This is what Warren Buffett was referring to when he said “my secretary pays more in taxes than me [as a percentage]”', ""The trick is tie everyone's IRAs and 401ks to ETFs, then commoners feel like they're in the same boat as the Buffetts.\n\nThey have a now have vested interest in keeping the system going."", 'The last election and the one before that would be exhibit a and b.\n\nI teach at the secondary level, and the number of brainwashed idiots that come up to me asking if I’ve been forced to teach CRT is too damn high.\n\nI don’t teach a subject close to race.', '[deleted]', 'Techno-crats downvoting me. I guess I struck a nerve, it’s not just me that feels that way about all those Tesla driving douche bags', 'People in this thread are like “they’ll lose their homes!” when the equity they already have in their homes from the downpayment is probably \n an entire home in most of the US.', '“People should be able to obtain that level of wealth, that doesn’t hurt society.”\n\nOn the surface, sure. But given the harm that FB has caused through Cambridge Analytica, etc, etc, etc…. I think it’s OK if the half-millionaires displaced by FB’s demise need to find something better to do.', ""I think that the people making 500k in this scenario are just benefiting from and enabling the billionaires and their antics.  They overlook the nature of what they're contributing to in order to have the cushy pay.  Screw 'em.\n\nI'm not like, morally against the idea of people making that much money by running businesses or being high paid executives or whatever.  It's not some ideological thing about economics and society, or what's acceptable to do with your money.  I just want to watch Zuck and his whole team get burned\n\nI just don't care for anyone who has involved themselves in this disgusting business that has made the past decade quite a lot lamer than it could've otherwise been.\n\nI'm prob getting downvoted by people who work in this sector and overlook the data and privacy abuses to take the pay, because Reddit is full of them\n\nAnd... I'm also probably getting downvoted because even though wanting to see the downfall of people higher than you on the social ladder is a completely normal human emotion that nearly all of us experience from time to time, many people consider themselves above it and don't want to see it expressed in public.  I just don't mind admitting it on here"", 'Then just ban people from buying a companies share if it would push the price up and make someone a billionaire.\n\n> People owning $100mil mega yachts, when instead of building that we could have built a homeless shelter\n\nSeeing as a single bathroom in San Francisco costs 1.7 million, 100 mil won’t get you much….\n\nAlso you realize these rich guys don’t actually have cash right? Like they have % ownership of a company, that’s it. The only reason they’re rich is because other people also buy shares of said company.', 'At any point money gives you power over other people it becomes a problem, however as a fairly radical (by US standards) leftist, I do agree with you that these are not the people we need to be worried about right now. \n\nIt can be a little fun to watch them squirm, but we have much bigger problems. Debating the necessity of half-millionaires or whatever is a step to take when we’ve long since dismantled the systems that allow billionaires or even double-digit millionaires to exist.', ""Technically he said people worth $500k, not making that much. Big difference although I'm not sure people are making that distinction."", 'I’m a conservative. I don’t give a shit about people losing money. Fuck off with that bull shit. Free market capitalism baby.', ""I don't care.  I'm not fighting an ideological battle here, or trying to make an objective case about how things ought to be.\n\nSubjectively, on a pure animal level, I just like watching this happen."", ""He's talking net-worth not annual salary. A 500k net-worth is silly to deride if you're including retirement accounts and condos/homes. \n\nIf you're making 165k you're squarely in the bucket of people he's feeling schadenfreude for when they face financial uncertainty."", ""As much as I hate to admit something that's worse than FB, TikTok is 100% worse.  But boy would I love to get rid all those social media's."", 'Whoa, you typed out IG.  Kudos, u.', ""I've always been of the belief that these companies would be very short lived. If that thesis turns out to be correct it will dramatically reduce the valuations of these companies and weaken their influence on society."", 'I don’t own my house. The bank does. I have three cars worth under 20k. My home cost 200k. Yeah I probably have more in my 401k than I know, but added up it’s not over 100k I’m certain.\n \nEdit: not to mention my wife has paid for half of this stuff. My net worth ain’t anywhere near 100k homie. Keep telling me about my life tho', 'Cool, what’s the median?', 'Facebook last year had 1.5 billion registered users, ANd made 117 billion dollars. So that’s about $70 per user in one year. To be honest I’m impressed. I can’t think of one thing I’ve bought due to a Facebook ad, the indirect revenue of selling our preference profiles must be big.', ""You're the product, not the customer."", '> People will almost definitely still visit HD in five years,\n\nThey said that about Sears.', ""> it will be because of tech optimism and not value\n\nPretty strong disagree here. Optimism is inherent in any investment if you want to call it that, the same that a company like HD will be growing in five years and not stagnant. HD potential to double in revenue in that time is much much lower than a company like Meta, and they will never be able to touch their margins which is why tech trades at such high multiplies.\n\nThe numbers I put forth show value, and whether its selling shovels or ads companies all file their financials in the same format every quarter. \n\nI know we're diving into only one specific company vs Meta (I have nothing against HD), but in general I think that Meta is way oversold vs what the numbers tell us. But it will be easy to see in a few years if I'm wrong."", 'My bicycle is $250 so it is worth more than Lowe’s right? And my tires cost $80 each so my bike is worth more than my car tires right?', 'Oh no!  My company has different share classes!  Whatever shall I do?', ""yup it's called workplace and being sold to other companies as internal tools."", 'Mental and physical health pays off in the long term. I love sales and the the money that comes with it, but I will pass on a 60 hour work week with the stress. Stress = death.', 'SWEs just like to think they’re such hard workers when they spend 7 of those 12 hours on Reddit.  Okay, I’m exaggerating… but I’m not.  It’s an ego thing.  I get paid a lot so I must be “generating value” so I must be working hard.', 'Buts it’s stressful not to have a third house or miss a euro vacation.', 'The value thing is literally BS.  They’ll spend $20 billion on the engineers for the Metaverse, and it will make them nothing.  Most startups never turn a profit.  They pay you well because the industry as a whole makes them money, not because you do.', ""Yea but who is going to buy it?\n\nIt's still worth like 200b"", 'Wasn’t the point of the Insta study that it harmed them even though they thought it didn’t?  I mean, of course they enjoyed it or they’d stop using it.', 'In this case, a lot of the nuance can be dispelled by looking through journalist @jason_kint\'s Twitter timeline. For years he has been documenting FB and Google\'s abuses with links to original sources, court depositions, videos of appearances before governing bodies, etc. Facebook sold data to CA and then lied about it publicly. It\'s in the deposition in black and white. \n\nIf there\'s nuance to ""we sold data that was a direct violation of our privacy policy and then lied,"" it\'s a bit beyond me.\n\nFor most employees, of course it isn\'t malice. It\'s just that you get paid a ton of money, much of it generated without regard to morality or ethics, and it\'s very much in your best interest to ""nuance"" your way into feeling good about accepting it. You can do bad things without _intending_ to be bad. \n\n(I worked at a multi-billion-dollar SV company for a while. It was full of the nicest, kindest, most ethical people I\'d ever met. Yet we would sit around and deliberately insert bugs into our code to force people to buy other products of ours to make up for the deficiency. Were we culpable? We intended the best. But you know, just this once ... maybe it\'s actually just that we aren\'t quite competent enough, etc.)\n\nSpeaking of competence, if a company is too incompetent not to accidentally facilitate genocide or self-harm, should we simply welcome that? I can\'t quite reconcile accepting a paycheck for harming people through incompetence, and then using incompetence as either an explanation or a defense.', 'There are some things that are such clear violations of trust--genocide, self-harm, hate speech, and selling personal data in direct opposition to your own privacy policy--that no, people who do these for a paycheck aren\'t ""good meaning"" people. They\'ve found one or two things they can do to focus on, to take their minds off the fact that they\'re mostly doing damage to other people for profit. Their morals are garbage.\n\nThe world isn\'t black and white, but many of Facebook\'s actions _are_ black and white, and they\'re firmly on the side of black.', ""And why should they? Chip and signature has severely undercut fraud along with measures for online fraud prevention (verified addresses etc).\n\nJust because Europe went with chip and pin doesn't make it the only system."", 'Why are you being a dick? By all accounts, most Facebook employees blamed themselves for Trump winning the 2016 election and were horrified. You’re talking to this guy with 20/20 hindsight. I was one of the first 100 people with a Facebook account and I considered the magic ruined by about 2006. I deleted my account in 2018 or so after a decade of barely using it. Facebook had certainly had a few scandals by 2016, but it wasn’t viewed as a toxic platform the way it is now. Also, if you just graduated and Facebook wants to hire you for your first real job, there isn’t even anything to weigh. You take that job. Maybe you could afford to be sanctimonious if you came from a generationally rich family or something, but if you’re not one of the like 30,000 people on earth with the ability to look at a great six figure tech job and shrug, you owe it to yourself to start working there.', 'I learned a new word today. Deleterious', 'I’m amazed I have to explain this to you but two things:\n\n1) A job is a job for some people. Wether you believe in the morality it’s a big pay and resume boost\n\n2) Facebook is a lot more than just Facebook.com the website. They own instagram, WhatsApp, Oculus, Messenger, etc. lots of places to work.', 'Currently, while in a Workroom, there are several room layouts (ex: Presentation, conversation, etc) which all change how the room is interacted with. For example, in presentation mode, all participants outside of the presenter are seated at virtual desks in an auditorium seating arrangement, while the presenter is free to move around. The layout of the room dictates how users can move (or not move) about the space. Eventually users will be able to customize these layouts rather than using predefined arrangements.  \n\n\nNo scarcity to the rooms. All layouts are available to everyone. The only ""scarcity"" aspect I can think of is the ability for rooms to be locked, but that\'s more of a privacy QoL *requirement* in my mind.\n\nCurrently, participants fade into place (their desk/seat) when joining and do the same when leaving.\n\nThe above being said, the development cycle for Quest/Horizon is moving very quickly and this stuff gets modified all the time. We just shipped v1.8 publicly a week ago which added a lot of customization to these spaces (Most notably MR Mode for Personal Office), so user experience can often differ between users based on their own preferences.  \n\n\nAll-in-all the QP is one of those things that just makes sense after you try it. All the best.', 'That makes more sense…', ""You can't. If a bank underwrites a mortgage using unvested stock as a repayment basis, the borrower is committing fraud, likely by falsifying documents, because there's no other way that gets past the loan officer, their supervisor, and the entire underwriting team."", 'It’s usually heavily devalued and they only account for the shares vesting in the next 1-2 years.', 'So... your experience is UTTERLY non-reflective of the American experience. Got it!', ""Housing isn't included in the inflation rate."", ""Inflation basically occurs when someone commits fraud. Either a bank that created money out of nowhere, or the government printing more, or subsidizing anything. While it's not out of the realms of possibility for a private company to do that, it's highly unlikely."", 'Furthing my point it’s hard to feel bad for these people. Nor will I feel bad for the sucker left holding the bag on when the music stops on those real estate prices. Making all your plans based on the assumption that value will ONLY increase is foolish without a contingency for shit going sideways and down.', 'Yeah I’m not sure why people are acting like if they had an offer from Facebook they wouldn’t have taken it. The same skill set could have gotten you 85-100k from a bank, or 200-250k from Facebook.', 'But you said uninvested. Why would a bank lend money against that?', ""so in this example, lets say the offer says 300k, when you join they take the avg closing price of the previous month to set the price, and lets say it comes out to $100 per share, then they convert it to 3000 shares, vested over the next 4 years at a quarterly vesting schedule (4 \\* 4 = 16 vesting events, each one vesting 187.5 shares\n\nso if you join now and stock rebounds you made it out like a bandit, but if the stock keeps cratering then your total comp just nose dived (that's me lol).\n\ni have also been in companies where they set a target $ value for your role, and at the start of the year you get a number of shares assigned to you to keep you at around where they expect you to be. That's pretty nice when stock just dies like all tech stock this year, but not as good when stock appreciates."", ""Tech union? That's funny. See, the thing about unions is LOCATION. If you work in tech you can work ANYWHERE. They're not going to tell you that of course, but it's true and you know it. Teachers, coal miners, plant workers <- thoooose jobs require you to be NEAR the shitty company you work for, thus trapping you into working for them, thus requiring a union so they don't enslave you. Hey, don't get me wrong, if I had a team of people working to protect me I'd feel great, but I never have so I don't. I've worked for shitty companies and I quit. Over and over. Others can do that too I think. With the added benefit that MAAYBE juuuuust MAAAYBE that company will cease to be shit if nobody wants to work there, but that's the whole point of unions. To ultimately PROTECT the shitty employer."", 'Where the fuck are my goggles!? (We do not get free goggles)', 'He did- but most employees sold them cause they’re dumb.  Then the other day he demanded that meetings happen in the metaverse and all his engineers freaked about having to buy $1500 goggles…', 'Earbuds are pricey too. I’ll just be the Helen Keller of the Metaverse I guess', ""Considering I made that point 8 words after your quote - yes, I'm pretty sure I realize that."", 'How the fuck did the snek get over here!?', 'Imagine thinking that would make any difference…..', ""Sadly you're just in a cult that refuses to accept they've been played."", 'Yeah I love Facebook. It’s a really powerful tool, and just like any powerful tool, it all depends in how you use it.\n\nA knife can be used to cook a wonderful meal, or it can be used in nefarious ways.\n\nSocial media is the same way. I have met so many amazing people from social media. I can say non-hyperbolically that it’s changed my life in a big way.\n\nIf you use it to find people that will help you be better.\n\nIf you’re debating your drunk Uncle John, then it’s not going to be an amazing experience.', 'People who work for Meta HATE IT when you bring up Cambridge Analytica bc it’s proof they’re part of the problem.', 'People who have 500k make significantly less than 500k per year', 'Facebook, Google, Microsoft, Amazon, etc. have all contributed an unimaginable amount of good to the world. Along side a lot of bad. \n\nThink about how much better the world is with modern communication (internet, phones), modern medicine (Data aggregation & analysis, trend tracking, etc.), modern travel (network traversal, flight software), I mean the list goes on. Your life is objectively better thanks to those companies. The internet would not exist without them (or a similar company taking their place.) It took a lot of engineers and a lot of money to create such transformational technology.\n\nThey also contributed a lot of bad to the world - obviously. \n\nBut writing the whole batch off as evil and wanting to seem them scorned is honestly just ignorant.', 'You\'re getting down voted because you\'re a childish, immature clown. With your literal ""throw away"" account. But you don\'t mind admitting it. Get fucked.\n\nA million dollars isn\'t a lot of money these days. Half a million is, well obviously less. Add in kids, a decent car and house. The desire to send them to college and not work until you\'re 90. Not everyone wants to live in debt because their homelife was unfortunate enough that high school seemed like a luxury, even as it became the American norm.\n\nThese people aren\'t assholes. They aren\'t enabling the 3rd Reich and the collapse of society. \n\nYou think the makers of Cheerios are any better than Zuck or Elon? They aren\'t. ""This business"" wasn\'t always trash. Successful people aren\'t harbingers of doom. Obviously the bigger picture eludes you. DO YOURSELF a favor, lay off the weed, and work on that perspective, maturity, and world view. You\'ll be amazed at how much it helps.', 'You’re getting downvoted because you come off as a bitter hater. I’m not in the 500K group either and I absolutely hate FB, but you just sound like some whiny turd that hates anyone that does better than you, regardless of industry.', 'You’re absolutely getting downvoted because some people are seeing themselves in your posts and getting upset. They rely on those systems of inequality and don’t want to accept their part in them.\n\nAvoid main subs if you want to express anything anti-capitalist on Reddit, they’re not safe spaces for running against the grain.', '>dismantle \n\nJust ban people from buying a companies shares if it would make someone a billionaire. That solves that.', 'So even worse.', ""Yeah but they're not going anywhere probably ever. There will always be some version of socializing online, just varying degrees of addiction & ads."", 'Why is TikTok so much worse? All I have seen on TikTok is a bunch of girls in skimpy clothing. Facebook is full of propaganda', 'Lol my fone autocorrected it', ""I mean we'll see but 2.934 billion people are still on fb lol ig is almost 2b and TikTok is like a billion. I don't think people are abandoning social media anytime soon."", 'Holy cow a house worth only $200K right now is very very low.\n\nTech companies are in cities where the average home is a million plus', 'Ah, someone who understands statistics.', 'Because Facebook is selling your attention.', 'Thanks for the breakdown - that’s fascinating and I’m surprised it’s that much!', 'No it’s not selling the profiles it’s all in ads remarkably. They’re good as a platform to advertise because their tools are good for the advertiser to direct their ads quite precisely (Eg to a specific age cohort within an income bracket within a specific town who share a common interest.)Google is decent too but Facebook is better… for now.', 'It’s definitely skewed heavily in a 20% of users make up 80% of revenue sort of way.  You probably aren’t worth $70 a year to them unless you’re rich.', 'Yup I get it, I meant the revenue from selling my data/advertising to me. Person above says about   $70 per user last year. Incredible.', ""People will almost definitely still need a hardware store in 5 years. You can argue about which one, but it's not like we'll stop needing hammers, screws, and wall paint."", ""Have you looked at all those financials this quarter, that supposedly show such strong value, or just the P/E ratio?  Here are some fun ones:\n\n* Revenue -4% y/y\n* Net income -52% y/y\n* EPS -49% y/y\n* Free cash flow -98% y/y\n\nWhat a steal!  I wonder whether HD's will look like this when they report."", 'Thanks. Makes sense.', 'Oh yeah not now. It’s still sliding down the slope. I’m talking about far ahead when it finally collapses like AOL or Yahoo!', 'Yeah, I think that this ""only a few people are being harmed"" position is not the moral high-ground.', 'Well, first of all, the term “black and white” doesn’t denote “bad and good” — so maybe you need to think about why you believe “black” is “bad” before you opine on others intentions.', 'It’s hard to find a company that doesn’t do clearly wrong things.', 'Just the only one that works.\n\nIf you pick my pocket you can defraud me with chip and sig, not with chip and pin.\n\nWe live in a developing country in terms of tech.', ""So what's the advantage of chip and signature over chip and pin?"", 'Trump didn’t win the election because of some Facebook employees not tweaking their algorithms to favor left leaning politics lmao\n\nThe democrats shot themselves in the foot with all the woke bs long before that', '>I was one of the first 100 people on Facebook \n\nWhat was Harvard like in the early 2000s? Was zuck well known on campus at the time? \n\nApologies if that comment you made was hyperbolic and not meant to be taken literally', 'How many of them did something about it an how many kept joyfully working there after ?', 'True and not true. The bank looks at your W2 and pay stubs. If you can show that you make $100k more a year with stock over several years, they’ll give you more money.', 'That is exactly what every billionaire with $100k annual salaries do, use stock as collateral to borrow money', ""I'd rather make intelligent life decisions, even if that doesn't reflect the typical experience of others"", 'In the current situation inflation is due to supply, food prices and energy, nothing to do with the amount of money', 'I’m not so sure any of “these people” are really looking for your pity - they’ve already made hundreds of thousands if not millions. The real estate “bubble” also hasn’t actually popped for the last 50 years, and there’s no indication that prices are ever going to collapse.\n\nYou’re really trying hard to make “these people” out to be suckers - and don’t get me wrong, I have no love for them either - but your criticisms seem to come from ignorance rather than facts.', 'Some people value work life balance.', ""Banks generally pay the best outside of major tech and consulting firms. And consulting firms only pay you well once you've been there a while."", ""Nah, even the banks pay better than that. A friend of mine was telling me once about a master's program that easily gets you a 150k offer the moment you step outside. Not from banks, mind you, but the job offers for IT must include numbers like that to even be considered."", 'They use the W2 to prove their income, which included their vested RSU values, to apply for the mortgage. And most likely the banker will agree their would be able to pay in the future. If you continue with your logic, no banker will lend any money to anyone. Even one has a seven-digit salary right now, he still could be unemployed tomorrow.', ""Awesome thanks for the explanation. I didn't know the vesting schedules and when they calculate the share amount for the larger companies. I've seen the target $, one company would just give $15K a year as stock in their offer as their stock plunged recently due to tech news about a competitor."", 'Ze googles! They do not work well and are [incredibly overpriced!](https://www.amazon.com/Meta-Quest-Pro-Oculus/dp/B09Z7KGTVW)', 'Everyone got them except you.', 'Bring it up with Zuckacreep.', 'You’re lying. There’s internal dogfooding with requirements. Multiple tiers and types, but it still only covers a fraction of employees. The rest get a meager subsidy that is equivalent to purchasing a headset at Costco. I’m confused as to why you are so confidently lying when the truth isn’t any more flattering to how the company is pushing adoption.', 'Throw that bowl of soup where the fuck ever.', 'Certainly doesn’t hurt anyone', 'Played by who? Who is organizing and leading? Just a bunch of people learning about the stock market and it’s complete lack of transparency, ethics and regulation.\n\nI’d understand the hate if people were getting hurt or taken advantage of but it’s literally just your average joes spending the equivalent of a dinner for two at Applebees on a stock every week.', 'Republicans in general seem to have a problem with it. The idea of a company taking payment from a Russian company in exchange for American election ads runs entirely too close to treason for my tastes. But the downvoters apparently disagree.', 'One of these things is not like the others.', 'What a load of BS. All of those things existed before any of these companies.\n\nAlso the internet was better before the walled gardens.\n\nFacebook and Google make 90% of their money from ads. At least Amazon is a convenience and AWS is good tech. Also Microsoft make useful things.\n\nBut Google and FB are just malware companies.', 'I don\'t really need any of that crap, though, and I don\'t care about it.  I also definitely don\'t like it when other people tell me what I\'m better off with or without.  That is most certainly up to me to decide.\n\nTechnological advancement is sort of like having ""improvements"" forced into your life.  You always pay for them, and they always have side effects.  Sometimes it\'s fine, even great, but most of the time, it\'s just making more space for more shit and adapting to more change.  Sometimes it\'s awful.\n\nI wasn\'t sitting around in 2006 wishing I were more connected over the internet socially.  I was just fine.  But then everyone started doing this new thing and over time you had to participate in it, and it inevitably shaped the world.  I didn\'t need the world to be transformed in that way.  I think it changed for the worse.\n\nFacebook is one of those corporations that just forced itself and its products on the world.  It didn\'t quietly improve anything, like Google or some of the other ones.  It just demanded an audience, demanded to drive itself into our lives like a big wedge, and demanded a stake in everything we do.  Fuck that.', 'That’s a really good post. I’m in tech transfer/IP in Silicon Valley.  Tech (incl social media) has done A LOT of good for humanity—and not just for the prvileged citizens of industrialized, modern countries.', 'I mean, my ""throw away"" account is just as old as yours... and almost everyone who disagrees with someone\'s worldview on the internet likes to use the words ""childish"" and ""immature.""\n\nI\'m not sure why you think that\'s going to be effective.\n\nCorporate yuppies aren\'t a modern day Hitler, but I don\'t respect them and I don\'t have to, either.  It\'s pretty telling, though, that you make this a conversation about ""success.""  Success at what?  They were looking to get some dough, and unlike people I\'d respect a lot more, they didn\'t care where they got the money from.\n\nI\'m not doing myself a favor by thinking more like them, or you, or by making the compromises you have made.  I may be forced into it someday, but I don\'t think it\'s a good thing at all to think about the world like you do.', 'Imma go out on a limb and say Zuck is worse than whoever runs Cheerios. They have to deal with supply chains, sourcing ingredients and paying for manufacturing whereas Facebook has a team of evil psychologists and engineers working to make an abstract algorithm more profitable. \n\nSmall changes can exploit the public for even more, whereas other companies are bound by other market forces, to some extent.', ""Yeah, I kinda had it coming.  But I don't mind getting downvoted or having an unpopular opinion.  It doesn't mean anything, even though some of the things people say on here when they disagree can be hurtful if taken to heart.\n\nI think it's sorta like calling out someone for driving a gas guzzler.  I get it, it's more comfortable, it has more space, it can go anywhere.  It's a lifestyle choice, and you don't want it to be criticized.  No one SUV driver's contribution to global warming is that bad.  But they're part of the problem.\n\nEveryone's part of the problem, but some are leaning into it while others are either staying put or leaning away.  Why?  Because they overlook the bad stuff to get the reward.  And many consider themselves stronger, more realistic or more mature for doing so."", 'As far as I know billionaires usually didn’t even buy the shares that made them a billionaire though… just received them as compensation', ""I agree, reluctantly that is. Was more just wishful thinking. It'll be a cancerous plague for the foreseeable future."", 'TikTok\'s format to keep you ""engaged"" on it and in addition the misinformation that\'s been introduced more recently.  Paired with the keeping the person glued to the platform is a bad combination, especially when it\'s a younger crowd more susceptible to it', 'These companies can rise and fall very quickly. The landscape 10 years ago is very different than today.', 'Well yeah. I don’t live on the coast', 'Just enough to know that I don’t really understand statistics.', 'You should get a cut of it.', ""Not sure why you're being snarky. I don't really have a dog in the fight other than purchased META shares now, and its not like my identity is some random stock I own. I just think its way oversold... also this isn't like you/I can't own both companies, ha.  \n\n\nAll of those numbers and Q4 is baked into the price and then some, and I also think that there are a a huge (and growing) user base they have which they will monetize now that the heat is turning up. They also have a massive cash reserve and very little debt."", 'Also constant re-orgs and stuff like that really amps up the mental stress.  I went thru 25+ layoffs with one employer.  Shit takes years off your life.  Physically, hours, travel, overtime, etc.', 'Yeah but there are levels. Facebook is the near equivalent of a gun manufacturer or Monsanto.', ""I can't believe I actually have to say this, but\n\nTWO WRONGS DON'T MAKE A RIGHT."", ""Quite simple. Culturally Americans are used to signing. That's it. If you are the first credit card company that goes chip and pin they will just use their other card. It's called top of wallet (which card does the consumer use first) and card issuers kill to be top of wallet. If you don't think they've done the math and decided that the fraud left with chip and sig is worth less than not being top of wallet I have a bridge to sell you in Florida."", 'Generally they’ll include a small percentage of that sort of income when assessing your adorability, for pretty much this reason. \n\nSo people will likely be fine.', 'I don’t think that’s right, I’m pretty certain RSUs are reported on a 1099 form, not your W2. Even if you don’t hold for a year and you pay income tax on them.\n\nSource: Employer gives RSUs, just have a bad memory with this stuff.', ""Not incurring any debt isn't inherently more financially savvy.\n\nIf my mortgage has a 3.5% interest rate and I'm making 5%+ in the market over 30 years, by paying for my home outright I'd be losing money. If you can't grasp that debt is a tool you're not as intelligent as you think you are. \n\nAlso your stance simply ignores that for most people, purchasing a home or paying for higher education upfront isn't feasible. But both enable a higher quality of life and translate to higher lifetime net-worth. The former because you're building equity instead of paying someone else's mortgage and the latter through higher earnings."", 'Well, not having any debt is certainly not an intelligent life decision. Using debt properly, and not over investing yourself is.', 'It’s a terrible thing to base income on. It’s highly variable, if you leave the job you surrender the shares, and you can only sell them during certain times.\n\nI’ve never had RSUs considered as income when applying for a mortgage. Banks that are competent will look at *pay stubs* along with your W2 so they can see your current pay since W2s include things like RSUs and bonuses.', 'OH MY GOD. I thought they were going to be Oculus Rift prices since, you know, they bought Oculus. But $1,500 for an unproven concept that most people don’t want or think will work? Hooooly shit, no wonder they’re tanking.', 'I honestly just want to try it. Everyone shits on it but I imagine none of these people have tried using it. \n\nThe Metaverse crap or whatever is bs, I get it, but the VR technology will eventually find its place (rather than being told its place).', '- Joseph Goeggels', 'That’s just how it works now: people spout off all kinds of shit about how sweet and nice your mother is and “the internet” just eats it up', 'It’s true, I fabricated the entire thing. https://www.businessinsider.com/mark-zuckerberg-meta-employees-buy-vr-headsets-virtual-meetings-report-2022-10?utm_source=reddit.com', ""Oh it doesn't? Have you seen those fees?"", 'do you think you are going to beat the house?\n\nthe house always wins, that should have been evident when they stopped the buying (not selling) of these securities and their only penalty was what, some interviews?', ""It's more the hubris of the ones who think this will be the big reveal. The straw that starts some revolution.\n\nI'm fortunate when I got in early and I was happy to talk trash then. But anyone who thinks they haven't covered or fudged at this point... Whelp..."", 'No kidding.  Just because they\'re all big tech companies doesn\'t mean they\'re the same.\n\nGoogle is mostly awesome, Amazon has terrible corporate practices but their product is great, Microsoft\'s OS kinda sucks now but back in the day they were awesome... but Facebook was always a grift.  Its primary benefit was for advertisers.\n\nZuck has always just invaded everyone\'s space with his technology.  Nobody\'s crying out for a Metaverse.  We don\'t need it.  But it\'s his vision, and he\'s gonna try his damnedest to make sure we all have to participate in it.  He\'ll manipulate his users into seeing it as a good thing until they get hooked on it and it\'s too late... just like he did with FB.\n\nCheck out the other thread:  ""What would you say is absolute poison to life/society?""\n\nThe first answer is ""Social media.""', ""You think the phones of 1990 are comparable to modern android/iphone's?\n\nWhat about google drive?\n\nNot going to turn this into a back-and-forth. If you can't acknowledge those companies have done a fair amount of good then there really isn't any point in arguing anymore."", 'You truly should stop dedicating so much time to these “awful technological advancements” (IE: Reddit, your phone, the internet)\n\nI think we’re all in agreeance that we too liked the pre-internet “you”.', 'Cheerios are actually good for society. Your little kid is making noise in church, you give him some Cheerios, you don’t give him no goddamn Facebook.', 'Hey man, “Lay off the weed.” LOL', 'Yes which means the shareholders are effectively paying their salary via share dilution.\n\nAlso if they where founders they usually have a shitload', 'Yes but the demand is there... Even if they die.. I hope u right tho. I am not trying to argue.', 'That’s enough to ask reasonable questions apparently', 'Could you imagine? I’d head on over to whatever social site that ends up doing -that-!', 'Maybe you\'re right.  I just don\'t trust the whole ""multiples"" angle.', ""Fair enough. Just boggles my mind someone can start using your card willy-nilly if you lose your wallet. Maybe it gets flagged for fraud depending on your usage but that's kinda hit or miss from what I've seen.\n\nTap to pay is common but it typically has a low transaction limit and I think it often has a daily limit. Or you can turn it off like I do."", 'signatures are completely meaningless and handwriting analysis to match signatures is not backed by actual science', 'Adorability? 🥰🐼🐶 My ability to be adorable? ☺️ how’m I doin?', 'RSUs are reported on W2. Holding for a year just converts the profits/loss to capital gains. You are taxed at your income rate when the RSUs are vested, but you still have to pay taxes on the profits when you sell.', ""I understand where you're coming from. A mortgage might be the only form of debt that I'd ever have, and even so, I'd put as much on a down payment as possible while getting a 15-year-fixed and paying it off sooner.\n\nI don't like the feeling of owing anyone money for any reason."", ""I'm not against *anyone* having debt, but based on my upbringing and seeing the horrible things that debt can do to someone's life, I make the personal decision not to rely on debt financing of any sort. I realize this is rather extreme, and I take your point to be a sensible one."", 'When RSUs are invested, they are also reported in the paystub. The issue is everyone else is doing it, and everyone has to do it to be able to afford a home.', "">But $1,500 for an unproven concept that most people don’t want or think will work? Hooooly shit, no wonder they’re tanking.\n\nThat's not why.  They're tanking because the website/app is tanking.  People don't like the stress of it and are leaving and have been leaving for a long time.  It literally makes you anxious, even if you think you don't care what other people think."", 'Tried what? If you mean the Meta Quest and current “metaverse games”, plenty have tried them. Pretty mediocre', 'That’s the thing, there is no metaverse! If you want to go on the internet, you open a browser and you know you’re on the internet. If you want to go into THE METAVERSE you strap on a headset, define your play area, select a profile, and you’re in a loading room (the exact same room it’s been since GearVR days)? From there you’ll ask if you’re doing the metaverse. \n\nBut no, the metaverse is where Snoop has a house and shit, so you want to go there, but you can’t remember the name of the app and even if you could there’s no native app for Oculus anyway. Maybe you’ll just rearrange the loading room and hang some NFTs on the wall because that’s how you metaverse, right? Nope, that’s not even close to possible. So you have a legless Horizon Workrooms chat with the one other friend you know with a headset after they update and charge theirs. \n\nAfterwards you can download a few free shareware versions of $49 single play cell phone apps and decide whether or not they make you too dizzy to play the full game. \n\nYou’ve got metaverse!', 'You actually did. The article headline even uses the word “urged”. How quoted/referenced individuals react to said suggestion != forced. Also, the headsets can be reimbursed as part of the benefits program, but that discretionary spend can be spent on other wellness activities. So the folks who “freaked out” about this requirement are chicken littles. The sky is not falling', '…yes? They aren’t that bad', 'small price to pay for the bigger goal...', '“Google is mostly awesome” reveals the depth of understanding you have on the topic lol\n\nGoogle hasn’t been awesome for the better part of a decade or more depending on your perspective\n\nThey’re certainly much better at masking/protecting their corporate image however, I’ll give you that.', ""I mean I agree with all that but React (front end JavaScript framework that's widely used for website/app development) and Pytorch (deep learning framework) were invented by Facebook. Some good things came out of it."", '""google is mostly awesome."" no. i also have to use several of their services but they are not ""mostly awesome."" they should be paying me for all my personal data.', 'Like when Zuckerburg tried to sucker India into buying his internet shit but the leaders of the country saw it for what it was… a trash ass project meant to lock people into a product he controlled. Where it wasn’t the real internet just access to Facebook and sanctioned copies of live net stuff. It was ass and so is the metaverse.', 'Phones are down to Apple and latterly Samsung neither of whom are on your list.\n\nGoogle drive? Are you joking? They just copied Dropbox.', ""I don't need better phones, though.  I never needed a smartphone until everyone started using them, and then I needed one to keep up.  Story of everyone's lives.\n\nI need the big corporate monstrosity that is Facebook to stop taking up so much space.  That's what I really need.\n\nIt's like having a power plant come up right next to your family's house, and then having some guy come flap their gums at you about how much good it's doing, when everything was just fine before and now there's a constant buzzing noise, an eyesore and lots of traffic.  Oh, but you know, the energy bill is way lower now, isn't that great?  I mean, I could afford it before, I don't care."", ""Cute.  I mean, I'd love to honestly, but they're addictive as fuck and omnipresent.  I haven't been able to extricate them from my life for very long.  There's always a reason to get sucked back in.\n\nI don't think any of you motherfuckers are in agreeance.  Some of you think I'm spot on, some of you think I'm an immature twat, some of you think I'm saying B when I'm saying A... you are most certainly not."", 'Not necessarily. These sites are designed to be highly addictive. They are creating their own demand, not just responding to the market. Their business model is basically the same as a drug dealers.', 'Yeah, in the US every credit card I have from Visa and Mastercard will let me go to stores and override the chip/pin and just use chip/signature/scribbles/happy face. I wonder what even the point is of the pin at that point.', '... it takes minutes to freeze a lost card though - either with a phone call or a click of a button on an app. A replacement usually arrives within 24 hours, at worst a few days.\n\nFraud detection is actually really good, too.', ""No one checks the signatures. No one. What is your point? My point stands. US banks have done the math. They are fine with the fraud level with chip and signature. You can no longer clone cards. That was enough for them. US card holders are not responsible for any fraud on their cards if they report within 1-2 billing cycles. European customers are responsible. As a US resident I'm happy with the fraud burden being on the bank, thanks."", 'I’d pinch your cheeks in the metaverse.', 'They can be on a separate paystub, and also their vesting schedule can differ. I regularly get RSUs, and they are frequently either on a monthly or quarterly basis awarded.\n\nFurther, your paystub breaks down how the check was earned and the rate. So a bank can tell from a stub how much can from regular salary and how much can from RSUs.', 'Their ad model also got its legs chopped off recently', 'Meta is spending almost all of its free cash flow on r&d for VR. Investors don\'t like that. Jim cramer called it a ""rogue situation"". secondly, Apple changed its privacy policy that makes it harder for meta to do targeted ads thru them, which decreases metas profit.', ""That and you don't build a world around ads.\n\nBuild the world, then add ads."", ""Half-life Alyx, Assetto Corsa, MS Flight Sim and Beat Saber over AirLink (via gaming PC) are pretty damn amazing. Haven't bought a single native Quest app though, and the 'metaverse' is a pile of hot garbage.\n\nIf Star Citizen is finally completed, if they introduce a VR mode, that would be a far better alternative to the 'metaverse'."", 'Reading this experience was enough for me to feel like I did it and don’t need to try again. Thank you kind redditor for bestowing vicarious anxiety upon me and showing me the way 🙏🏻 😵\u200d💫', ""Well, that's fine.  I don't really need to understand it that deeply, so I'll concede on that one.  I certainly haven't noticed my life feeling any worse because of Google products, but perhaps they've had some impact behind the scenes that has done harm."", 'As someone who worked there as a contractor, I can say Google is not mostly awesome.', 'It’s mostly just the fact that you’re a Simpson’s meme at this point. Old man yelling into the wind, fighting industry, etc. It’s a delusional, overplayed trope.', ""I dunno. I use ig myself with friends with similar interests. If I disconnect then I'm cutting off my friends. Which is fine but it's not entirely ig fault . I'll still connect with the friends on Whatsapp or something else oh shit fb owns that too lol"", 'They added them to the avatars instead.', ""No serious investor follows Cramer man. He's a joke and hedgie pet."", '>Jim cramer called it a ""rogue situation"". secondly,\n\nHe\'s been making things up for years.  Careful of his own investments.\n\n>Apple changed its privacy policy that makes it harder for meta to do targeted ads thru them, which decreases metas profit.\n\nYup.  Huge deal for Facebook/Meta.  Way more important than VR\n\n>Meta is spending almost all of its free cash flow on r&d for VR.\n\nI would say that\'s a vague term.  R&D money is not where their value is.  It\'s stock price.  What\'s driving their stock price into their ground?  Apple is one.   \n Their cratering user base is another.  Instagram and TikTok are helping, but they\'re small in comparison to Facebook.', ""Can't forget all of the insane Flat2VR mods!"", ""There's a new half-life?????!!!"", 'Oh there are absolutely some good VR games. I’d add Superhot to that list! Just saying the actual “metaverse” ones are underwhelming', 'As a small anecdote, Google removed their canary clause ages ago and their “don’t be evil” clause as well.\n\nAt a certain size every corporation loses its soul and becomes an efficiency engine that grinds people and consumers to dust for energy. Capitalism demands it as a function of the system.\n\nIt’s a shame because I do genuinely believe the company started with good intentions and can still do good things from time to time, but more money, more problems.', ""Yeah, but so are you though.  The person who actually believes in this shit, thinks they're responsible for tolerating it... you're the character in every movie ever who tells the protagonist they're a stupid idealist or they'll never make it.  We're both part of the same trope.\n\nAnd well... it makes sense.  That story hasn't really changed in the last 50 years.  Corporate greed is still a huge problem.  Global warming is still going to make our lives a lot worse.  The government is still corrupt and oppressive.\n\nThese things have just progressed to the point where nobody takes it seriously anymore when you speak out.  People don't believe it could ever change.\n\nAnd you know what?  I need this fucking outlet.  I go to work all day and put up with all the realities of capitalism.  I spend like... 0.5% of my time complaining about it, and it's usually to strangers on here."", ""Yea and it's fucking great... And I hate VR."", ""Yep, it's been out for over 2 years and it's amazing. VR-only though:  \n[https://store.steampowered.com/app/546560/HalfLife\\_Alyx/](https://store.steampowered.com/app/546560/HalfLife_Alyx/)"", ""Damn it.  I just don't like the mentality that losing part of your soul is a necessary trade off to live a decent life, feel successful, or whatever these fuckers are pursuing.  I don't think it has to be that way, but so many have resigned to it.  I don't expect to change it myself, but I'm not gonna be fooled.\n\nI guess that's why I like the thought of watching that approach to life truly yield nothing for once.  Why I like the idea of people's 401ks being destroyed.  It's not because I'm jealous of their fucking savings accounts.  It's because I don't want the majority of people to believe in 401ks anymore, or to believe in the stock market at all, that helping crowdfund all that corporate gambling and money laundering is a responsible choice to make their lives better."", 'I\'m only apart of this trope because you require me to be. You came here to argue about the ""top 10%"" and whatever other modernity irks you after you\'ve ""worked all day"". Boohoo, we all work. Being stressed by capitalism isn\'t a reason to dehumanize a vast swath of society.\n\n>People don\'t believe it could ever change.\n\nI disagree. It\'s constantly changing. I\'m biased in regards to Meta, but to assume that technology in regards to social media is unchanging is completely wrong, its ever-evolving. I don\'t think the solution is to do away with the tech you complain about, instead, make the tech better. You have valid points and they\'re points \\*most\\* of us understand, specifically in the computer engineering world, but they\'re not reason to jump ship, they\'re reason to further innovate.\n\nYou have to wonder why we so easily pass the baton from these being ""issues of humanity"" to ""social media caused this"". How much of social media is an illuminator to the deep problems that exist within society?\n\nRespectfully, this negative outlook on everything with no offering of solutions is a true plague. I agree that corporate greed is a problem, I agree that global warming is a problem, I agree that  the government is oppressive. What solutions can we agree on?']"
