0
How can card issuers attract more spend?
2022-11-03 03:37:42
"Everyone has like 10 cards. How can card issues like Chime, Cashapp and other neobanks make sure that their card is being used first?"
"['There are a few ways that card issuers can acquire more spend from their users: \n\n1. Increase the credit limit: By increasing the credit limit, cardholders will have more funds available to them to make purchases. \n2. Offer rewards and perks: Many card issuers offer rewards programs as an incentive for cardholders to use their card more often. Some programs offer points that can be redeemed for cash back or merchandise, while others offer travel perks such as free hotel stays or airline tickets. \n3. Offer promotional financing: Some card issuers offer promotional financing, which allows cardholders to finance a purchase over time with no interest charges. This can be an effective way to get cardholders to spend more, since they can spread the cost of a large purchase over a period of time. \n4. Offer discounts and coupons: Card issuers can also offer discounts and coupons to cardholders as an incentive to use their card. This can be an effective way to get cardholders to use their card more often, since they can save money on their purchases.\n\nAnother big one is running campaigns to acquire customer bill or subscription spend by running an incentivized campaign and then something like [KnotAPI](https://knotapi.com/products/card-switcher) to automatically switch saved payment methods for the cardholder (I posted about them a while ago and our startup just started to use them, happy to answer questions).', 'Improve fraud detection at the issuing processor to reduce false positives on fraud. This will improve approval rates and mitigate the back of wallet problem.', 'Identify their target audience and create rewards programs that are optimized for those customers (better effective rewards rates compared to competing programs, especially flat rate programs).  There is no replacement for serious market research.', 'Loyalty campaigns. If customers are accumulating some kind of value from using your cards, they will always choose it first ..', 'Mind elaborating? Not sure improving approval rates increases cardholder spend.', ""You're right that it doesn't change the cardholder's overall spend but if your card declined then the consumer will use an alternative card. If that happens enough, your card goes back of wallet and your spend drops to zero. For brick and mortar issuers, this is a known and significant problem.\n\nIf you issue cards, you have this problem whether you know it or not. And since it is a problem then reducing its effect is a valid road to revenue growth.""]"
