0
Fintech apprenticeship
2022-11-03 21:19:19
"Hi I have an apprenticeship interview with the financial tech company octopus wealth, I was wondering if anyone had any tips for me to standout as its a group interview with 8 people and only 2 successful candidates. There will also be individual interviews on the day also so ANY help would be highly appreciated."
"[""I have worked in fintech for many years, and my best advice is to research the company ahead of time.  Use Glassdoor and other websites like that to look at what kind of workplace and corporate culture you would be joining.  Companies that provide similar products and services can be very, very different from each other based on the leadership's background.  That is true in any industry but I think especially true for fintech jobs.\n\nThe important thing to take away from this research is whether it will be a good place for you to learn your profession.  If it is an apprenticeship they are probably trying to figure out more about you as a person than you as a skill set.  I think if you show you are professional, agreeable, and willing to learn the technologies they use, you will have the best chance of getting selected. \n\nGood luck!"", 'This is great advise.\n\nI would add. Know the competition and go check them out. \n\nAlso, why are they a Fintech? What old problem are they trying to solve digitally?\n\nReally knowing what they do, how they do it, why they are doing it will help your interview.', 'Thank you so much, I appreciate it', 'This was really important, there certified B corp so their mission statement was so important to them, thanks for this', 'I have nothing to add to this other than I wish I said it. :)', 'Nice, glad we could help. So, did you get the apprenticeship?', 'Thanks I got the job', 'Yeah, the apprenticeship starts on the 12th and the actual job starts abit earlier, hoping to get paid before my birthday on the 30th 🤞🏽', 'Congratulations!', 'Awesome, congrats and good luck.', 'Be sure to buy yourself a little birthday present. :)', 'Deffo will ☺️']"
