0
KYC/AML requirements for e-commerce platforms with regards to their vendors
2022-11-14 04:06:02
"Can anyone knowledgeable point me in the right direction on if and whether large e-commerce platforms such as Amazon and Shopify are required or do know-your-customer checks on the sellers who want to sell goods on their platforms? This is to make sure that they prevent any money-laundering and other illicit transactions on their platforms. Or alternatively, do they rely for that on dd done by the banks who already serve those sellers i.e. e-commerce platforms' checks are very light-touch? 

By KYC I mean properly identifying the business, its managers and UBOs via documents checks and, possible, video identification. 

I will be very grateful if anyone could offer their insights or point me to the right sources."
"['They certainly do. Shopify are a PayFac (among other things) and to do that, they need to complete KYC for their sub-merchants. Otherwise Stripe (Shop Pay is white-labelled Stripe) would penalise them.', 'I have no idea on Amazon directly - but I imagine  as they are essentially a technology vendor/fulfilment provider in this model that some high level SDD (simplified due diligence) would suffice. \n\nIt would vary if they were to be distributing products on the vendors behalf in a highly regulated industry e.g financial services, in that case I’m sure full CDD (customer due diligence) would be required, if not not enhanced measures. But again, not familiar with the model, but would be my guess.', '[deleted]', 'Thank you. Are there grades to KYB levels of dd, from light touch to simplified to enhanced? Any kind standardization? If you have links to relevant articles that would be great.', 'But when merchants get paid from their Amazon account, wouldn’t that make Amazon a payment processor? Even if someone provides Amazon payment infrastructure they should have bank grade KYB process baked in somewhere in their onboarding process. The way I see it is that if you move funds, KYB has to be there.', 'Sorry I am no compliance specialist, just touch KYC/DD in my role. I would guess that there are probably less strict requirements in place, provided you can evidence any due diligence completed on a third party service employed. You would also need to provide risk based rationale to the level of DD completed, and also why you concluded that any issues/flags that did arise in your checks aren’t deemed material enough to cease the relationship.']"
