0
I was about to shut down my Startup till this happened.
2022-11-15 08:06:17
" Hi guys!

I usually spend a few minutes on Reddit to watch memes, but today I decided to share my story about how I almost lost everything.

I own a Startup(Fintech) in the US. After many rounds, months, and ups and downs, I made the decision to reduce my dev team. We were 20 people, and now I have only 6 guys left to do the job.

My team and I started to consider shutting everything down, till I receive an email from these guys from Mexico. They offered me a dedicated team, between DevOps and full-stack engineers. I decided to give it a try and after 7 months, we manage to scale our application and save the company. I saved lots of money and time...

Probably this won't make sense to everyone, but just in case you're struggling with the same issue now that the IT Industry is a little bit crazy, please let me know your thoughts.

\-Kev"
"['I’d learn more. There is some talent there. Near-shoring. \n\nCongrats', 'Can you refer us to this Dev team?', 'Is your startup crypto based?', 'Lol self plug', 'Congrats!  What kind of FinTech?', ""Thanks for sharing this. In fact, this is a great illustration of how outsourcing can really help your business. \n\nGrowing an internal team is always difficult and expensive, especially for startups. Outsourcing is a much more cost-effective option that helps you gain access to experienced talent at an affordable price. \n\nMy company works with many startups from the US and it's always nice to watch their success and know that you are involved in this because you helped them get started."", 'hi! For everyone who asked, ClickIT is the name of the company that helped me.', ""Sure! I can do that. I'll send it over chat if you don't mind :)"", 'ClickIT are the guys that helped me, hope this helps', ""No, it isn't. It is into credit insurance and foreign exchange."", 'Thanks! Credit insurance, foreign exchange.', 'I have Data Engineer experience of two years, DevOps Engineer experience of four years, and two more years of Python programming experience. Let me know in DM if you need all-rounder.', 'I am looking to build a team for a fintech startup. What advice would you give for finding programmers? I have banking and accounting experience but very little in coding (just trying to teach myself the basics of SQL and python so I will know how things work). I am in a country where there is a lot of potential and support for this sort of thing.']"
