0
ACH insufficient funds issues
2022-11-16 02:18:22
"Hey everyone,   


My startup accepts ACH payments from users, and we are running into an issue surrounding insufficient funds.   


Our current process is to use Plaid to check the user's bank balance before allowing them to initiate a payment, with the goal being only to allow users to pay who actually have the funds. However, due to the slow moving ACH process, often times a user has sufficient balance when we check, but that balance has gone too low by the time the ACH transfer processes, resulting in insufficient funds.   


Does anyone have suggestions or ways to improve this process?"
"['Plaid(and the others) return unreliable current balances. The technology isn’t close to perfect yet and once you check a balance the customer can still withdraw everything before your ACH hits the next day.\n\nThere’s no perfect solution yet and you need to factor in returns happening. I switched to mainly pulling from cards to prevent NSF returns.', 'Check with Fiserv. I looked at a product of theirs that is similar to Plaid for balance inquiries. It was more real time and with their Chex Systems platform, they had a lot intelligence behind it. Finally, it was a lot less expensive.', 'Have you tried Sila? They usually do it a bit faster.\n\nI know couple other FinTechs managed to do same day turnaround for ACH.\n\nNeither is ideal though, compared to cards transactions.\n\nI see many other FinTechs just adopt UX around that processing time.', ""Check out Sardine. They take into account a user's balance history going back 12-18 months and give you some confidence around specific amounts that can be withdrawn."", 'Have you looked into Payliance?', ""One way to improve this process would be to allow the user to initiate the payment, but put a hold on the funds until the ACH transfer processes. This way, if there are insufficient funds, the payment can be canceled before it goes through. Another way to improve this process would be to use a different method of checking the user's bank balance, such as through their API."", 'Potentially you could put a card authorization hold on the payment amount, then release it in the morning so your ACH pulls it.(idk if this is plausible tbh)', ""Isn't there a 1.5% fee for cards. How are you getting around this."", 'My friends saying astra finance  helped them in few other cases too.', 'is it [https://www.sardine.ai/](https://www.sardine.ai/)?', 'They cost so much money', ""No, haven't heard of them. I'll check them out, thanks!"", 'Card payments are more expensive yes but when you factor in the cost of returns it may be more beneficial.', 'Thanks for the tips!', '👍', 'My pleasure.', 'You can leverage card rails for high risk payments and use ACH for trustworthy customers.', 'Do you push that fee into the customer or you pay it yourself?', 'Depends on the industry/business model. I’m pretty experienced with payments so I messaged you']"
