0
How can banks compete with FinTech
2022-11-21 02:18:31
""
"['Buy them', 'How can fintechs compete with banks is the correct title.\n\nBanks have money and influence on the market, fintechs are great but the market is dictated by banks', 'Why compete when you can partner with them? That’s what my company does.', ""Bank senior leader here. In the US banks can compete through better collaboration,  BaaS partnerships, or acquisition. A more ecosystem driven approach and forging partnerships (not sales) between fintechs would accelerate bank adoption and create new revenue streams.\n\n I have a legacy core system. I have a mulesoft layer. I can give fintechs the ability to access a lot of information. I WANT to partner with you and share revenue. But many fintechs walk into my building and assume they can take my customers. You can. You might have convenience, but you have no trust. Too many fintechs have had shady tactics using the client as the product. We used to use yodlee as our aggregator years ago. As soon as I saw they were selling our customer data to third parties, I threw them the hell out as fast as possible. I have MX's PFM in my online banking software, data enhancement and aggregation, and MX's IAV. I had trusted MX because their privacy policy was data protection and Plaid's language did not say that Plaid was selling data, but it kind of sounds like Plaid sells insights off its data to third parties. With MX now becoming a less good PayPal/Plaid and probably a payments company, I am going to tell my OLB to give me options and I'm looking at FinGoal, Segmint, and a new company called Bud (ahem) to do my data enhancement. Having met the MX leadership team in charge from PayPal and seeing what PayPal recently did ($2,500 misinformation fee?), I do not want Diet-PayPal running my company data or open banking. As a bank, I loathe PayPal for their predatory behavior. As a consumer, it is no longer 2008: Ebay is barely relevant and payments processing can be done by Stripe, Amazon, Apple or Google. \n\nMy bank acts as a fiduciary and takes it seriously. I cannot say the same for every bank. \n\nI think banks could use that stored financial data with some of the open banking initiatives for fintech revenue share. Use my customer data from my platform? Great. Revenue share with me and I will tell you when a non-partner fintech accesses my system or a new subscription starts and feed my non-neobank fintech partner leads. I can send poor credit autoloans leads to Caribou, Consumer through Blend, poor cashflow leads to an SMB marketplace lender. And if I have enough success with a partner I can encourage my bank to buy the fintech. MoneyLion did it with Even. Credit Unions have been doing it for years through their CUSO's without enough oversight.\n\nThere are more paths to revenue than fee income, interchange, and NIM."", 'Easy they have more money and the govt and regulators will protect them.  Look at auStralia they block most fintech from acquiring bank accounts!!!', 'Buy owning politicians and government and media.', ""Partnering is one of the best things that they can do.  Yes going after the same customer but ultimately a different beast.  It's a win win to partner."", 'System is designed to benefit banks, not FinTech.', 'This question assumes one cannot be the other, which is not true. However, if you mean legacy banks versus new, narrow-scope fintech providers (Chime for deposits, SoFi for loans) then I think the competition is the same as for other banks: deposits with the competitive (high) interest rates, loans with competitive (low) interest rates,  and/or customer experience features like debit/credit cards, technical support, and fraud protection.', 'Banks already have a competitive advantage by having deposit insurance and are regulated. Banks also have access to the discount window in times of low liquidity. Fintech companies, aside for a few small few, have any of these advantages.', 'This is true. We’d be better off of fintech took things over, but the truth is the banks are fuckwads and will do whatever they can to stay on top.']"
