0
Navigate Tokenization on Android
2022-11-25 01:56:40
"Hi Fintech!

I need help to understand a bit more how to build my app, I have no knowledge on Fintech.

This is how the app would work:  
1. User taps their debit/credit card on an Android device (contactless tapping via the NFC sensor).  
2. The card's detailed are stored - here I guess I should use tokenisation?  
3. Later on, I need to be able to charge the card if I need to.   


What kind of technology should be involved here? Who should I partner with?  
First I looked into Soft Pos, but then I was told that it's not needed here since the payment is not happening when tapping the card.  


Please help, I'm out in the dark!"
"[""Can you provide some more information about what you're trying to build? Are you building the POS, the physical card, a financial services app that uses a card, or something else?"", ""I believe that entering the actual card number, expiry date, and cvv may be better suited for a system that has a delayed purchase. It'd be one thing if it initiates a transaction then later reduces it to the correct amount once the payment is finalized, but storing the card info to process a transaction later would be more difficult. In fact, I believe what you are trying to do may be deliberately blocked to prevent credit card skimming. Otherwise there would be nothing stopping people from making a device that you could discreetly bring close to a stranger's wallet to obtain a credit card token you could later use to charge money to without the owner's consent."", ""I'm building an Android app that uses the card. We will then connect the app with a tokenization service and a payment processor. Or, at least, this is my understanding."", 'Good point.  \nEntering the data manually is what we are trying to avoid, it is much more convenient for the user to just tap its card.\n\n  \nI know that Stripe allows in the US to start a subscription just by tapping the card on the device. And a subscription is very similar to what we are doing. Imagine we set up the subscription to have just one payment after 5 days.\n\nI also heard, that what we are trying to achieve is similar to what hotels do. They get your payment details and they charge you later on on what you have drank from the mini-bar.', 'Hotels actually run an authorization for a dollar amount (say $500) which sits there as “pending” until you checkout. If no mini bar charges, they cancel the authorization. If you bought $10 from the mini (or did damage to the room), they “complete” the transaction for the appropriate amount.  \n\nSubscription services usually do a “zero-dollar” authorization to make sure the card is valid (not expired, good card number, etc). The subscription service COULD store the card details, but that’s not best practice. \n\nBest practice would for you to tokenize the card info. The tokenization request to the major token vaults (Visa/MC) or through an intermediary (Stripe) will trigger that zero-dollar auth behind the scenes (so the card processor can indicate the card is indeed valid and in good standing). The token vault provider then gives you the token for that card. You can then store that token for future payments (don’t store the card number).\n\nTo the point above about skimming, it is a good question. It may be possible to capture the card number and expiration date from the NFC reader, but the captured info is not sufficient to perform a transaction or clone the card. EMV chip cards, these days use strong cryptographic key based card data authentication methods (DDA, CDA) to validate the authenticity of the card. In addition, the CVV data from the track data that you captured is CVV1 where in the CVV value used in the transaction is CVV2. So, you could build a “skimmer app” to grab card details from unsuspecting people but what you grab won’t be the full set of data needed to make purchases.', ""I don't know if this is answering your question or might be something you already know, but since you said you have no fintech experience, I wanted to respond.  Unless you have extensive resources for an experienced tech team you should outsource payments as much as possible to Stripe, Paypal, or something similar.  Compliance requirements for payment card processing are extensive, and that means expensive.  I can't recommend a product, especially without knowing more about your tech stack, but there should be plenty of mature options with good APIs."", ""Thank you for your answer u/four_fried_chickens\n\nThe part that I'm missing is, how do we get from the card being scanned to the token?  \nIs this something we could achieve using a tokenization service SDK in your opinion?"", 'Check Google’s Android developer docs, they may have adapters that are already “pre-integrated” to the token providers. They may also try to steer you thru Google Pay (which is definitely already integrated with the token providers). Or you could see if there’s any 3rd parties who have wrapped this up in a neat bow as an SDK. (My gut tells me, using Google Pay would be quickest/cheapest, but will leave you to your own analysis. Hopefully you have enough here to guide you to the solution that works best for your use case)']"
