0
Real time transaction data
2022-11-26 11:18:08
"I have an idea and have the ability to code just about anything. But I don’t have tons of financial experience. Pretty much I want to get access to real time transactions of other a card issued by my company or the users personal card I’m open to either option. 

Then once I’ve capture the real time transaction I need to be able to approve or decline it. I’ve looked at things like stripe issuing, fidelapi with card link and others. But I’m not sure if this is the best way or if their is a better solution. Would love to hear suggestions. Would trying to pitch to a bank be best? This would be US based only. 

Thanks!"
"['The best option for this today is FICO falcon in terms of fraud monitoring. It has its own algos that will assign fraud risk in real time and approve or deny based on rules you set.\n\nThe only other way to do this is based on auth decisioning rules at the issuing processor level, basically setting rules to approve or deny certain types of transactions based on merchant code, account status, etc. You must be the card issuer to do this.\n\nIn order to do what you are describing you must be in the auth flow, which is incredibly difficult. The only way to do this would be to integrate with the major issuer-processors (Fiserv, corecard, i2C, tsys). This would take a lot of time unless you partner with someone like web bank or cross river to help push it through. This is not easy but definitely needed since FICO falcon is like $2M to set up.\n\nGood luck!', 'If you want to be real-time enough to see the transaction then approve or decline it, aggregators like Plaid won’t work. You need to be looking at payments APIs and be in the auth flow like Ellis said. \nYou may have a path to this if you are issuing your own cards, or you can partner with someone like Visa if you’re looking to offer your service to card issuers like FIs. One path that comes to mind is Visa’s Transaction Controls API', 'The right approach to this is to be the issuing entity.  Then you decline it easily.  Otherwise you would have to sit at the acquirer level and would likely be a massive sales cycle.', 'Plaid or Finicity. Yodlee also does it and sells data to third parties.', 'Plaid returns real time updates on transactions (inflows/ outflows) via webhook 3-4 times a day depending on the credit card account linked. It’s relatively inexpensive I hear.', 'Not OP and had a similar issue - whats the best way to block “incoming” transactions with certain merchant code? Can this be done on auth flow?', 'NeonCactus had the right supplemental answer to EllisWyatt1’s reply. In order to impact the approve/decline you need to be in the authorization path. The BEST way to do that is to integrate to the card processors (but expensive and lengthy). Another option is to integrate to Visa and Mastercard’s APIs for transaction controls, which might work for Credit Cards, but is incomplete for Debit Cards. You could also partner with an existing company that integrates with processors (e.g., Ondot, CipherText, Zeta, etc) but I’m not quite sure if that’d be fruitful because they aren’t really setup well to have outside-in integrations. FICO is an interesting idea, but getting integrated in there seems like a task equivalent to moving a brontosaurus. Good luck!', 'Thanks I didn’t know plaid could do it real time. I will look at finicity too.', 'None of those companies do this in real time.', 'It’s as close as you can get for CC.', 'No it’s not. You ain’t in CC', 'You are correct. I “ain’t” in CC.', 'If you don’t know the answer it’s probably best not to lead someone the wrong direction']"
