0
MX Merchant category code
2022-11-27 19:45:55
"Hi everyone,

I'm a developer starting a startup in **Canada.** I initially used Plaid, but there were connectivity issues with many banks in Canada, so I decided to switch to MX. I tested with MX, and it was more stable than Plaid.

I would say one of the biggest issues with MX is their development API because it only allows for testing with a handful of banks none are even Canadian, so I have been struggling to do some testing because I don't own an account in Canada. Also, many fields used in the developer API for transactions return empty, even for fake data, which has been a bit worrisome.

My startup heavily relies on getting the merchant category code of transactions. If this is not available, we have to go back with plaid (Cause we haven't signed our contract with MX) and hope that, at some point, those connectivity issues get solved. If anyone has imported transaction data for Credit cards with MX, I would appreciate it if you could let me know if you are getting the Merchant category code of the transactions and if it is populated most of the time.

Thank you very much"
"['Have you tried using flinks.com? They have great coverage on Canadian banks', ""I will admit I work in the US for a US-Based Bank. \n\nFrom my experience, MX is very region dependent. More Urban areas get merchant information in the MX system faster and the accuracy is generally 94-96%, where as more rural areas, the accuracy rate is not great and takes a bit longer to adjust. \n\nI also do not like doing business with Bad People and MX's leadership has shown itself poorly, especially in the treatment of a great friend of mine that worked at MX and was Layed Off. \n\nIf you must go with Plaid or Flinks and the connection issues are resolved, there are great data providers out there that can clean everything up after the fact. David Nohoe at FinGoal is always reaching out to people on Twitter offering transaction enhancement. Segment has performed well in tests we performed in the past. There is a new entrant to North America called Bud from the UK (thisisbud.com). I have been talking to them a bit, but all early discussions around replacing MX. \n\nI think it depends on how you are using the data. Do you need 24 hour turnaround or weekly turnaround for clean transactions? If you need less than 24 hour, might be best to go with Plaid/Flinks. \n\nIf you have 24 hours or more to so, and the data is held in a custom GL or warehouse, go with one of the enhanced transaction data firms I mentioned earlier. \n\nAnother poster is correct, I have a difficult time getting support for my bank from MX right now. I would imagine when your company no longer has an implementation team, it might be tough to go live. DM me if you have questions."", 'Try flinks ! We use them in Canada and are super happy.', ""if you are only credit cards, try FIDEL. It's directly connected with MC and VISA, not the banks."", ""Yes it's passed via JSON as merchant_category_code.  I've been in FinTech development for over a decade but never had issue with Plaid API connections.  \n\nWill say MX is solid but plaid is a bit easier to work with tech wise."", 'I think mx has maybe 10k merchants and more added regularly. I think they have more than plaid if you’re focused on resolving the merchant. \n\nIt’s hardly robust though, we were seeing 20-30% coverage of merchants. There are services out there that can enrich the data for you but I haven’t tried them', ""Thank you for the recommendation. I'm taking a look at their platform and I see that they are returning Raw transaction data and categorization of those transactions is only supported in the US.\n\nI'll probably have to take a look at data enrichment solutions with them if I choose to use Flinks instead."", 'MX is not solid. I have heard They can’t even implement new clients right now.', ""Yeah, I assume their US connections should be better. I was with Plaid for two months, and they failed to fix CIBC, one of the major Canadian Banks, and we can't afford to lose these groups of users that's why we were thinking of switching."", ""I don't have the merchant ID, but their category code, but I assume this is conditional to the merchant ID being resolved. What I thought before was that MCC is something that is provided in the raw transaction data and that could be fetched, but I think I was wrong and MCC needs to be generated using a data enrichment service. \n\nThank you for responding. It was very helpful to me."", ""What's the use case? Maybe there an alternative?""]"
