0
It seems like layoffs keep getting announced from more and more FinTech companies. Who’s typically the first to go? Recent grad here
2022-11-29 12:11:29
"Seems like every time I read Bloomberg or a FinTech related news article, more and more layoffs from a fintech company get announced. My company has apparently had layoffs going on since the pandemic began but they have announced that more are coming in the next few months. 

Who’s typically the first to go in these instances? Is it targeted at overseas workers, IT/Help Desk, Support Team, etc? Or is it more catered towards execs, middle management, senior positions, recent college grads, remote workers, etc? 

For some context: I’m a recent grad with about 2.25 years worth of experience for a large Fortune 500 FinTech company. The department I work in seems to have many employees that have been with the firm for anywhere between 5 years to 30+ years. So it seems that there is some level of job security given some have been through economic downturns like the Dot Com crash, 2008 and the pandemic amongst others but I can’t comment on the total history as I haven’t been here long enough. 

Any insight and/or advice would be appreciated! Apologies if this isn’t the correct place to post/discuss this!"
"['Can’t speak to now but back in the eighties the mid-level managers took it on the chin pretty hard. A lot were too young to retire but their skill sets weren’t compatible with the economic reality of the time. They had gotten to a pay scale where it was much cheaper to higher younger folks. I suspect something similar will happen. Although pay scales are quite different now so who knows. \nYounger folks want to make a lot more starting out so… could go either way. \nI wouldn’t build my life around a high paying job until the depression has passed. Could be a rough ride.', 'I’ve seen remote workers getting targeted before in house staff, and it also seems like those working on new ventures further from the core business go first, but I don’t have any credible data to back it up.', ""I'm surprised that there are that many layoffs. I'd expect that many places would want to be prepared for all hands on deck for the next few years, especially since there's indications that there are plans to abandon the Petrodollars and switch to digital currencies. A lot of work will need to be done to integrate the digital currencies in places that only expected to ever handle the US or Canadian dollar."", 'If you’re talking roles, generally sales and marketing go first. Any non-essential business/regulatory functions are cut first along with over hired groups (engineers at Facebook for example).', ""FinTech get rid of any non-business essential roles, but they may also strip departments down in business-essential so that they have just about enough to do the job. \n\nThey will also get rid of really expensive people, or juniors. They also get rid of people who have less than 2 yrs employment with them so they don't have to pay redundancy (in the UK). Lots of times they can strip a department back to its bones. \n\nWhatever happens, it's not personal! Hoping the best for you, but if shit hits the fan - theres still plenty of jobs out there :) It's a temporary period where things will be rough for the next year or so (just like covid)."", ""Depends on the company. If the company has generally been doing well before the economy turned it's not likely executives or senior leaders who are going to be laid off. If it's a broad economic issue it wasn't their performance and typically they have the most vast expertise, professional connections, etc which would be harder to replace. Overseas teams can sometimes make sense but it depends on the teams purpose. Typically it's innovation and experimental roles along with marketing roles that get sacked. Focus goes into the core business so if you were on a team trying new things that don't generate revenue that could be a problem. Marketing budget is usually the first thing to go. Most orgs brought on DEI roles or teams in the last few years, in a logical sense that would be a place to cut but depends if companies see reputational risk in that."", 'The traceable, not private coins.  That why you should buy r/monero', 'This is a good point.']"
