0
"Fintechs Made “Massive Profits” on PPP Loans and Sometimes Engaged in Fraud, House Committee Report Finds"
2022-12-03 06:31:55
""
"['They sure do use the word fraud a lot but until I see arrests being made all they are doing is rubbing salt in the wound.', "">“Even as these companies failed in their administration of the program, they nonetheless accrued massive profits from program administration fees, much of which was pocketed by the companies’ owners and executives,” said Rep. James Clyburn, D-S.C., the subcommittee’s chairman, in a statement released with the new report. “On top of the windfall obtained by enabling others to engage in PPP fraud, some of these individuals may have augmented their ill-gotten gains by engaging in PPP fraud themselves.”\n>\n>Fintechs were often the front door to the PPP program: They processed huge quantities of loan applications and were hired in part to vet the documents for obvious signs of fraud before sending them on to lenders. But the vetting was often lacking. The investigation kicked off shortly after ProPublica reported that one fintech, Kabbage, approved hundreds of loans for fake farms, including what claimed to be a potato farm in Palm Beach, Florida, an orange grove in Minnesota and a cattle farm on a sandbar in New Jersey. “The illegitimacy of these purported farms,” Clyburn wrote in a letter to Kabbage at the time, “would have been obvious if even the bare minimum of due diligence had been conducted on the loan applications.”\n>\n>The report found that Kabbage at one point had only one full-time anti-fraud employee and considered the risk of approving fraudulent loans minimal. “A fundamental difference is the risk here is not ours — it is SBAs,” said one risk manager to his team when asked about identifying fraudulent loans, according to a company email cited in the committee’s report. Kabbage’s then- head of policy wrote that “at the end of the day, it’s the SBA’s shitty rules that created fraud, not [Kabbage].”\n>\n>...\n>\n>According to the report, fintech firms acted as “paths of least resistance” for fraudsters looking to get taxpayer-funded loans, all the while lining owners’ pockets with lucrative fees for doing so. The companies were paid for every loan paid out and were incentivized to process loans quickly without doing much due diligence.\n>\n>One such lender singled out in the report, Blueacorn, instructed staff to push through high-dollar loans that the company called “VIPPP” loans internally. The original fee structure for PPP loans meant that small loans netted Blueacorn and other services a few hundred dollars, while large loans would yield tens of thousands of dollars.\n\nThese kinds of seemingly recurring issues seem to highlight the need for proper regulation of companies, whether technology-based or not. Self-classifying as a xTech company shouldn't merely be shorthand for lacking due diligence and regulation."", 'Fintech is private equity grifters using bank charters to extract money from the public.  All the benefits of inflation for them, all the extraction for the rest.', 'We gonna run out of Pikachus to get surprised for us.', 'So. Arrest and jail him.', 'This was a surprise?', 'Now do every other industry too.', 'Breaking news: Water is Wet', 'his thighs are distracting', 'Pre-forgiven loans were a magnet for fraud. More on your nightly news at 10.', 'Fraud is pretty much worse than rape in the eyes of the law, god, and any other book written +50 years ago. While I wrote this as a satire, bank fraud faces 30 years while rape with a drug is 15.', 'As far as prioritizing higher dollar loans to make more money off them, fintech is not alone in that. Major banks like Chase are guilty of that', ""Yeah, don't look at open banking too closely then.\n\nIt's basically fintech's saying that they need to be allowed to ignore all banking regulations.  And a bunch of banks colluding, thinking they can offload a ton of functionality to appease a tech-savy generation, without having to worry about pesky regulation getting in the way of how they abuse peoples data etc."", 'take everyone that took a PPP loan to the wall', 'Meta-surprised Pikachu face.', 'Water is not wet. It makes other things wet.']"
