0
Scaling a Fintech Startup
2022-12-11 03:55:40
"Hi guys,  
I hope you'll have some time to enjoy the weekend before you answer my question.  
We are launching a new fintech called Investables - [https://investables.org](https://investables.org/)  
Is here anyone who's got some experience scaling a fintech startup?  
If so, super curious to know how you went from 0 to the first thousand users and above? Did you focus on paid marketing, affiliates, media buying or maybe other channels?  
Have a great weekend!"
"[""Depends entirely on your product. A neo bank has little choice but to market the heck out of it. It's the bulk of the investment burn really imo. If it SaaS, probably need to hire sales with experience in your industry. \n\nIMO, the most successful fintechs right now append themselves to existing products in different industries that need financial services. Let the existing company/product you are partnering with do the marketing. Especially if they have an existing user base."", 'Number 1 priority should be product execution. Once you have good product managers and/or head of product, then #2 priority should be marketing. Lots of cheap marketing out there. Then, customer success. Keep your customers happy with a really good product. Listen to what your customers want and execute on it.', 'Very good looking site in my opinion. Your going to need to blast off some marketing on Facebook/google ads and see what your CAC will be and go from there.', 'partnerships are definitely an option here!', 'Echo this. Don’t overlook how key a strong referral program could be. Could drive down your blended CAC significantly compared to Meta / Google ads.', 'Thanks for the comment. When you say cheap marketing - what do you exactly mean? any growth hacks or particular tools you use?', ""thanks for the heads up.   \n\n\nWe've tried some FB ads recently but to me it seems quite unsustainable due to very high CAC."", ""Yes, I think that a good referral program can be super beneficial. Do you know any networks. I've come across impact some time ago. Maybe another one you could refer?"", 'Same problem all fintech’s face. It’s still way too expensive to acquire customers.', 'indeed']"
